Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
>> ♪ SAW THE MAN IN BLACK
SPOTLIGHT IN THE AIR
♪ HEARD A THOUSAND SCREAMS
SAW MY DADDY STARE
♪ FEEL LIKE I'VE BEEN RUNNIN'
SINCE THE DAY THAT I WAS BORN
♪ EAGLE ON MY BACK
PHOENIX ON MY ARM
♪ THIS GOES OUT
TO THE DRIFTERS
♪ AND ALL OF THE DREAMERS
READY TO FLY
♪ ALL THOSE BORN
TO BE ROCK STARS
♪ LIFTING THEIR GUITARS
AND PAINTING THE SKY
♪ CAN YOU HEAR ME
ALL OF YOU LOST ONES
♪ WHO AREN'T REALLY LOST ONES
KEEP SHINING YOUR LIGHT
♪ THIS GOES OUT
TO THE WILD CARDS
♪ AND ALL OF THE WILD HEARTS
JUST LIKE MINE
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ NOW LISTEN
HAS ANYONE EVER TOLD YOU
♪ YOU'LL NEVER AMOUNT
TO ANYTHING
♪ YOU'RE JUST WASTING
YOUR TIME CHASING THE
♪ TAIL-OF-A-DRAGON KIND OF DREAM
BUT I'M HERE TO TELL YOU
♪ ANYTHING CAN HAPPEN
IN THIS LIFE
♪ IF YOU GOT THE HEART
AND THE PASSION AND A
♪ GOD-LIT FIRE INSIDE
THIS GOES OUT TO THE DRIFTERS
♪ AND ALL OF THE DREAMERS
READY TO FLY
♪ ALL THOSE BORN
TO BE ROCK STARS
♪ LIFTING THEIR GUITARS
AND PAINTING THE SKY
♪ CAN YOU HEAR ME
ALL OF YOU LOST ONES
♪ WHO AREN'T REALLY LOST ONES
KEEP SHINING YOUR LIGHT
♪ THIS GOES OUT
TO THE WILD CARDS
♪ AND ALL OF THE WILD HEARTS
JUST LIKE MINE
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ JUST LIKE MINE. OH
♪ TO THE DRIFTERS
AND ALL OF THE DREAMERS
♪ ALL THOSE BORN
TO BE ROCK STARS
♪ KEEP LIFTING THEIR GUITARS
AND PAINTING THE SKY
READY TO FLY
♪ ALL THOSE BORN
TO BE ROCK STARS
♪ KEEP LIFTING THEIR GUITARS
AND PAINTING THE SKY
♪ CAN YOU HEAR ME
CAN YOU HEAR ME
♪ ALL OF YOU LOST ONES?
♪ KEEP SHINING YOUR LIGHT
THIS GOES OUT
♪ TO THE WILD CARDS
WHO'S GOT A WILD HEART
♪ JUST LIKE MINE ♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Keith: NOW. FROM DOWNTOWN
NASHVILLE: COLE SWINDELL AND
LAINEY WILSON!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ I TOLD MY MOMMA
I TOLD MY FRIENDS
♪ WHEN IT COMES TO HER
WHEN IT COMES TO HIM
♪ NEVER AGAIN
LAST TIME WAS THE LAST TIME
♪ THAT TIME NEARLY DID US IN
YEAH. TOO MUCH DRAMA
♪ GIRL. YOU'RE A MATCH
YOU'RE GASOLINE
♪ WE JUST BURN TOO FAST
SO HERE WE ARE
♪ LIGHTIN' UP THAT SPARK
YEAH. WE TRIED TO RUN
♪ BUT WE DIDN'T GET FAR
I NEVER SAY NEVER WITH YOU
♪ I END UP TOGETHER WITH YOU
IT'S HELL AND IT'S HEAVEN
♪ WITH YOU. BABY
ANYTHING'S POSSIBLE
♪ THE HIGHS ARE UNSTOPPABLE
WE'RE SO UNCONTROLLABLE
♪ IT'S CRAZY
WE SAY WE WON'T
♪ AND THEN WE DO
YOU'RE ALL I WANT
♪ I NEVER SAY NEVER WITH YOU
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ YOU'VE GOT A TOUCH
THAT KILLS ME
♪ MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE
COULDN'T TURN ME OFF
♪ YEAH. EVEN IF YOU TRIED
SO KEEP TURNIN' ME ON
♪ AND TURN OUT THE LIGHTS
WHO KNOWS TONIGHT
♪ WE MIGHT GET IT RIGHT
I NEVER SAY NEVER WITH YOU
♪ I END UP TOGETHER WITH YOU
IT'S HELL AND IT'S HEAVEN
♪ WITH YOU. BABY
ANYTHING'S POSSIBLE
♪ THE HIGHS ARE UNSTOPPABLE
WE'RE SO UNCONTROLLABLE
♪ IT'S CRAZY
WE SAY WE WON'T
♪ AND THEN WE DO
YOU'RE ALL I WANT
♪ I NEVER SAY NEVER WITH YOU
YEAH
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ I NEVER SAY NEVER WITH YOU
I END UP TOGETHER WITH YOU
♪ IT'S HELL AND IT'S HEAVEN
WITH YOU. BABY
♪ ANYTHING'S POSSIBLE
THE HIGHS ARE UNSTOPPABLE
♪ WE'RE SO UNCONTROLLABLE
IT'S CRAZY
♪ WE SAY WE WON'T
AND THEN WE DO
♪ YOU'RE ALL I WANT
I NEVER SAY NEVER WITH YOU
♪ WE SAY WE WON'T
BUT WHAT'S TE USE?
♪ BABY. COME ON
I NEVER SAY NEVER WITH YOU
♪ OH NO
YOU'RE ALL I WANT
♪ I NEVER SAY NEVER WITH YOU
NO. NO. NO. NO. NO
♪ I TOLD MY MOMMA
I TOLD MY FRIENDS
♪ WHEN IT COMES TO HER
WHEN IT COMES TO HIM
♪ NEVER AGAIN ♪
♪ ♪ ♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Announcer: LIVE FROM
NASHVILLE. THIS THE 2022 C.M.T.
MUSIC AWARDS ON CBS!
HOSTED BY KELSEA BALLERINI AND
ANTHONY MACKIE.
WITH PERFORMANCES BY:
CARLY PEARCE.
CARRIE UNDERWOOD.
CODY JOHNSON.
COLE SWINDELL AND LAINEY WILSON.
JASON ALDEAN WITH BRYAN ADAMS.
JIMMIE ALLEN.
MONICA AND LITTLE BIG TOWN.
KANE BROWN.
KEITH URBAN.
KELSEA BALLERINI.
KENNY CHESNEY.
MAREN MORRIS AND RYAN HURD.
MICKEY GUYTON AND THE BLACK
PUMAS.
MIRANDA LAMBERT.
OLD DOMINION.
THE JUDDS.
THOMAS RHETT AND RILEY GREEN.
WALKER HAYES.
FROM THE RAM TRUCK STAGE:
BRELAND.
CAITLIN SMITH.
ELVIE SHANE.
JESSE JAMES DECKER.
PARKER McCOLLUM.
PRICILLA BLOCK.
WITH APPEARANCES BY:
BILLY GIBBONS.
CRAIG MORGAN.
DENNIS QUAID.
DYLAN SCOTT.
FAITH HILL AND ISABEL MAY.
JIMMIE ALLEN.
JOEL McHALE.
JORDAN DAVIS.
KACEY MUSGRAVES.
LEANN RIMES.
LILY ALDRIDGE
MARTINA McBRIDE.
MIKE SINGLETARY.
"QUEER EYE'S" ANTONI POROWSKI.
BOBBY BERK.
KARAMO BROWN AND TAN FRANCE.
ROB CORDDRY.
TAYLOR LAUTNER.
AND NOW. PLEASE WELCOME ANTHONY
MACKIE!
>> Anthoney: HELLO NASHVILLE!
WHAT A WAY TO START THE SHOW!
WHAT'S UP. NASHVILLE!
COME ON!
HEY.
WHAT AN AMAZING WAY TO STARTS
THE SHOW. RIGHT?
WE ARE TURNED UP IN HERE.
WE TURNED UP!
GIVE IT UP FOR COLE SWINDELL AND
LAINEY WILSON!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
BEFORE WE GET STARTED. I KNOW
YOU ALL WERE LOOKING FORWARD TO
SEEING KELSEA BALLERINI OUT HERE
TONIGHT. BUT IF YOU HAVEN'T
HEARD. SHE'S UNDER THE WEATHER.
SO SHE CAN'T CO-HOST.
DON'T WORRY.
IN FOOTBALL THEY HAVE A BACKUP
Q.B.
WELL. HERE AT THE C.M.T. MUSIC
AWARDS WE'VE GOT A BACKUP K.B.
LET ME HEAR IT FOR THE NOW THREE
TIME HOST KANE BROWN!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Kane: HELLO ANTHONY. AND
HELLO CMT FANS!
WE'RE SENDING SO MUCH LOVE TO
KELSEA. BUT I'M GLAD WE ALL GET
TO BE HERE TONIGHT.
THIS IS GONNA BE A GREAT SHOW!
>> WHAT'S UP. I CAME IN WITH THE
RAY LEWIS ENTRANCE. I LOST MY
BREATHE.
>> YOU WENT TOO HARD. THEM 15
FEET. YOU WENT TOO HARD.
KANE. YOU LOOK BEAUTIFUL AS
>> Anthony: KANE. YOU LOOK
BEAUTIFUL AS ALWAYS!
THANKS FOR RISING TO THE
OCCASION AND HELPING OUT.
LET'S DO THIS!
NOW. IT'S BEEN A CRAZY YEAR IN
COUNTRY.
>> HEY ANTHONY. DID YOU SAY YOU
NEEDED A CO-HOST?
I'M HAPPY TO HELP.
>> Anthony: I DID. BUT WE'VE GOT
A CO-HOST.
>> Kane: IT'S KANE BROWN.
>> Anthony: WE'RE LITERALLY
HOSTING RIGHT NOW.
OKAY. GOT THAT SETTLED.
SO IT'S BEEN A CRAZY YEAR.
>> WAIT. ANTHONY. I CAN HELP!
>> Kane: OOH. MARTINA McBRIDE
WOULD BE A GREAT CO HOST!
>> Anthony: NO. NO NO.
>> NO.
YOU'RE MY CO-HOST.
>> I'M THE CO-HOST. I'M SORRY.
>> THANK YOU THOUGH. THANK YOU.
I APPRECIATE IT.
>> IF YOU NEED ME. I'LL BE HERE.
>> ARE YOU THE CO-HOST.
>> ALL RIGHT. HERE WE GO.
>> Anthony: YOU'RE MY CO-HOST.
IT'S YOU!
>> Anthony: EXACTLY. IT'S BEEN A
CRAZY YEAR IN COUNTRY.
>> Kelsea: DID Y'ALL REALLY
THINK I'D MISS THIS?
>> HEY. IS THIS THING ON
OR-- ARE YOU GUYS REALLY TRYING
TO GETS RID OF ME ALREADY?
>> KELSEA!
>> OH MY GOD.
>> ARE YOU SURE ARE YOU REALLY
SICK?
CUZ YOU LOOK AMAZING.
>> OH. THIS I
>> Kelsea: WHAT?
THIS IS JUST MY NORMAL MONDAY
NIGHT.
SITTING AROUND INFULL GLAM WITH
GOOD LIGHTING AND A SATELLITE
TRUCK IN FRONT OF MY HOUSE.
I FEEL FINE. REALLY.
>> Anthony: YOU CAN DO THIS FROM
HOME?
IF THAT IS THE CASE WE COULD
HAVE DID THIS FROM YOUR HOUSE.
WE COULD HAVE BEAT TRAFFIC.
>> YOU HAD ME BACKSTAGE WITH A
CLIP BOARD FOR FIECH HOURS AND
ARE YOU TELLING ME I COULD HAVE
DONE IT FROM HOME.
>> BELIEVE ME GUYS. I WOULD SO
MUCH RATHER BE THERE WITH YOU
BUT I WILL BE DROPPING IN ALL
NIGHT LONG
>> Kelsea: BELIEVE ME. I'D
RATHER BE THERE WITH YOU GUYS.
BUT I'LL BE DROPPING IN ON YOU
ALL NIGHT.
PLUS. I HAVE SOME SURPRISES I'M
COOKING UP FOR LATER IN THE
SHOW.
>> Anthony: WE WOULDN'T EXPECT
ANYTHING LESS.
THIS SHOW IS GONNA BE AMAZING.
WE'VE GOT PERFORMANCES ALL
NIGHT.
>> Kane: WE'LL SEE YOU LATER
KELSEA!
ON THIS SHOW. THE FANS GET TO
PICK THE WINNERS. AND THERE'S
STILL ONE AWARD YOU CAN HELP
DECIDE.
>> Anthony: THE BIGGEST AWARD OF
THE NIGHT. VIDEO OF THE YEAR.
WE STARTED OUT WITH 12 NOMINEES
AND NOW WE'RE DOWN TO THE TOP
3.
>> Kane: TAKE A LOOK!
>> Kane: SO MAKE SURE YOU TWEET
YOUR VOTE USING THE HASHTAGS!
NOW. LET'S HAND IT OVER TO A
BAND THAT ALWAYS KILLS IT LIVE
AT THE CMT MUSIC AWARDS.
HERE WITH THE WORLD PREMIERE OF
THEIR NEW SINGLE “HELL YEAH.” MY
FRIENDS. LITTLE BIG TOWN!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ HELL NO
I DON'T TALK ABOUT YOU NO MORE
♪ WHAT WOULD I DO THAT FOR
AIN'T NO NEED MESSING
♪ WITH MY GOOD TIME
HELL NO
♪ I DON'T SIT AROUND BY MYSELF
FEELING BETTER THAN
♪ I'VE EVER FELT
AT LEAST I KNOW
♪ THAT'S WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE
HELL YEAH
♪ I GO GET DRUNK ON FRIDAY
NIGHTS
♪ HELL YEAH
I'M DANCING UNDER NEON LIGHTS
I'M SMILING SO THAT
♪ YOU CAN'T TELL
IF YOU'RE EVER WONDERIN' BABY
♪ IF I'M STILL
GOIN' THRU HELL YEAH
♪ GOIN THRU HELL YEAH
♪ YOU'VE MOVED ON
AND I'M STILL HERE IN HELL YEAH
♪ HELL NO
I CAN'T GET YOU OFF MY MIND
♪ AND OUT OF ALL THE THINGS I'VE
TRIED
♪ TONIGHT ITS GONNA BE HARD TO
BEAT
♪ ALL CAUSE I GOT FRIENDS WITH
ME
♪ HELL YEAH
I GO GET DRUNK ON FRIDAY NIGHTS
I'M DANCING UNDER NEON LIGHTS
♪ HELL YEAH
I'M SMILING SO THAT
♪ YOU CAN'T TELL
IF YOU'RE EVER WONDERIN' BABY
♪ IF IM STILL
GOIN' THRU HELL YEAH
♪ GOIN THRU HELL YEAH
YOU'VE MOVED ON
♪ AND I'M STILL HERE IN HELL
YEAH
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ HELL YEAH
I GO GET DRUNK ON FRIDAY NIGHTS
♪ SOMETIMES
HELL YEAH
♪ I'M DANCING UNDER NEON LIGHTS
♪ HELL YEAH
I'M SMILING SO THAT
♪ YOU CAN'T TELL
IF YOU'RE EVER WONDERIN' BABY
♪ IF IM STILL
GOIN' THRU HELL YEAH
♪ GOIN THRU HELL YEAH
YOU'VE MOVED ON
♪ AND I'M STILL HERE IN HELL
YEAH
♪ GOIN' THRU HELL YEAH
GOIN THRU HELL YEAH
♪ YOU'VE MOVED ON
AND I'M STILL HERE IN HELL YEAH
♪ ♪ ♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
RECOGNIZE THE BIGGEST NAMES IN
COUNTRY AND WE ALSO HELP
SHOWCASE EXCITING NEW BREAKOUT
ARTISTS ON THE RAM TRUCKS STAGE.
>> Anthony: NOW KICKING THINGS
OFF IS A GUY HAVING A GREAT
YEAR. AND NOT JUST BECAUSE OF
HIS MUSIC.
♪ ♪ ♪
>> Kane: HE JUST GOT MARRIED A
COUPLE WEEKS AGO!
HERE WITH “TO BE LOVED BY YOU.”
ITS PARKER MCCOLLUM!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ ♪ ♪
>> ♪ SO WHY ARE YOU ALWAYS
ANGRY?
♪ WHY ARE YOU ALWAYS QUIET?
WHY DO YOU SLEEP ALONE
♪ WHEN I KNOW YOU DON'T LIKE IT?
MAYBE YOU MIGHT BE DIFFERENT
♪ WILL IT KILL YOU TO TELL ME
THE TRUTH?
♪ WHAT IN THE HELL DOES A MAN
HAVE TO DO
♪ TO BE LOVED BY YOU
TO BE LOVED BY YOU ♪
♪ ♪ ♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
ON THE 2022 C.M.T. MUSIC AWARDS:
ALL-STAR PERFORMANCES BY CARRIE
UNDERWOOD. JASON ALDEAN AND
BRYAN ADAMS. MIRANDA LAMBERT.
MICKEY GUYTON AND BLACK PUMAS.
THOMAS RHETT AND RILEY GREEN.
WALKER HAYES. KANE BROWN. KENNY
CHESNEY. AND MORE.
PLUS. COUNTRY LEGENDS THE JUDDS
PERFORM ON AN AWARDS SHOW FOR
THE FIRST TIME IN 20 YEARS.
FOR EVEN MORE C.M.T. MUSIC
AWARDS. FOLLOW @CMT!
UP NEXT. CARLY PEARCE DAZZLES
THE STAGE. AND OLD DOMINION
TAKES US TO THE COUNTRY MUSIC
HALL OF FAME.
THERE'S EVEN MORE AHEAD ON THE
2022 C.M.T. MUSIC AWARDS. RIGHT
HERE ON CBS.
♪ ♪ ♪
>> Announcer: FROM HBO'S
"BALLERS." AND THE UPCOMING FILM
"THE SENIOR." PLEASE WELCOME ROB
CORDDRY.
>> I KNOW WHAT YOU'RE THINKING“"
WHY IS SUPER TALENT ROB CORDDRY
PRESENTING THE AWARD FOR
COLLABORATIVE VIDEO OF THE YEAR
ALONE. AND NOT WITH SOMEONE
ELSE?”
TO THAT. I SAY. “THIS ISN'T
TRYING-- STOP TRYING TO FORCE
IT. IT IS ABOUT THE VIDEOS MADE
BY THE NOMINEES FOR
COLLABORATIVE VIDEO OF THE YEAR.
NOW
ALSO. THE SECRET TO A GREAT
COLLABORATION IS TWO ARTISTS
OPERATING AT THE TOP OF THEIR
GAME ON EQUAL LEVEL. AND I'M
SORRY TO SAY THERE JUST ISN'T
ANYONE IN COMEDY OPERATING ON MY
LEVEL.
OR SOMEONE FAILED A COVID TASTE
AND HAD TO BAIL.
WE'LL NEVER KNOW.
WE'LL NEVER KNOW. BUT ENOUGH
ABOUT ME.
BUT ENOUGH ABOUT ME. COMEDY
LEGEND ROB CORDDRY.
LET'S TAKE A LOOK AT THE
NOMINEES FOR COLLABORATIVE VIDEO
OF THE YEAR.
AND THE CMT MUS ACHE WARD FOR
COLLABORATIVE VIDEO OF THE YEAR
GOES TO JASON ALDEAN AND CARRIE
UNDERWOOD. "IF I DIDN'T LOVE
YOU."
♪ HEY.
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU. THANK YOU GUYS SO
MUCH.
THIS SONG IS JUST KIND OF BEEN
SO UNBELIEVABLE THIS YEAR.
LIKE HOW YOU GUYS. THE FANS
RESPONDED TO IT. HOW EVERYBODY
HAS.
FIRST OF ALL THANK YOU TO CARRIE
FOR AGREEING TO DO THIS SONG.
BUT THIS IS ABOUT THE VIDEO.
AND TO ME THE VIDEO IS SEAN
SILVA. EVERYBODY ATTACK EL BOX
FOR SHOOTING AN AMAZING VIDEO.
MICHAEL KNOX FOR PRODUCING THIS
SONG FOR US AND JUST KIND OF
MAKING THIS MORE THAN I EVER
THOUGHT IT WOULD BE OR COULD BE.
AND SO THANK YOU TO THE FANS.
THANK YOU C.M.T. FOR PLAYING THE
VIDEO.
(APPLAUSE)
EVERYBODY. THANK YOU GUYS SO
MUCH. IT'S CRAZY.
>> THANK YOU FANS SO MUCH.
FOR ALL THE SUPPORT YOU HAVE
GIVEN TO THIS SONG AND THIS
VIDEO.
EVERYBODY. HE JUST THANKED.
THANK YOU. THANK YOU JASON.
THANK YOU C.M.T.!
WHOOO!
♪ ♪ ♪
>> Anthony: ALRIGHT. WE KILLED
THAT MONOLOGUE. MAN.
NOW WE JUST KICK BACK AND ENJOY
THE SHOW.
>> Kane: WE STILL HAVE WAY MORE
TO DO.
>> Anthony: NAHHHH.
YOU'RE KIDDING RIGHT?
>> Kane: WE LITERALLY HAVE TO
INTRODUCE SOMEONE RIGHT NOW.
>> Anthony: REALLY?
OKAY. GIVE ME A SEC.
>> Kane: I'LL JUST TAKE THIS
ONE.
I AM SO EXCITED WE ALL GET TO
SEE THIS NEXT ARTIST BECAUSE
THIS PERFORMANCE IS LITERALLY
GONNA BE ON FIRE.
WITH HER AMAZING NEW SONG.
"DIAMONDBACK"...
>> Anthony: CARLY PEARCE!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ NEVER BEEN ALL THAT
WRAPPED UP IN SHINY
♪ SWIMMING POOLS THOSE
MATERIAL KINDA
♪ LIES THEY TELL LIFE LOOKS
OH SO WELL FROM THE
♪ OUTSIDE IN HONEYMOONS
DON'T END NO
♪ WHAT I THOUGHT I WANTED
LET ME DOWN
♪ AND I DON'T WANT IT NOW
KEEP THE HOUSE
♪ KEEP THE TRUCK
GO DOWNTOWN
♪ GET TOO DRUNK
KISS A ONE-NIGHT STAND
♪ WITH A BUTTERFLY ON HER BACK
TAKE THE BED
♪ WHERE YOU USED TO LIE
KEEP THE FRIENDS
♪ I NEVER LIKED
AND THE HAPPY EVER AFTER
♪ WELCOME MAT
BUT YOU AIN'T GONNA GET
♪ THIS DIAMOND BACK
NO NEVER EVER GETTIN'
YOU CAN KEEP THE DOG
♪ AND THE CADILLAC
BUT YOU AIN'T GONNA
♪ GET THIS DIAMOND
BACK
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ WELL I GUESS I'LL JUST
BURN THAT DRESS ALL THOSE
♪ FAIRY TALES CAN GO
STRAIGHT TO HELL DON'T NEED
♪ YOU NO MORE WITH THIS
24 CARATS
♪ THAT I'M WEARIN' NO
I DON'T CARE IF YOU
♪ KEEP THE HOUSE
KEEP THE TRUCK
♪ GO DOWNTOWN
GET TOO DRUNK
♪ KISS A ONE-NIGHT STAND
WITH A BUTTERFLY ON HER BACK
♪ TAKE THE BED
WHERE YOU USED TO LIE
♪ KEEP THE FRIENDS
I NEVER LIKED
♪ AND THE HAPPY EVER AFTER
WELCOME MAT BUT
♪ YOU AIN'T GONNA GET
THIS DIAMOND BACK
♪ NO NEVER EVER GETTIN'
♪ YOU CAN KEEP THE DOG
AND THE CADILLAC
♪ BUT YOU AIN'T
GONNA GET THIS DIAMOND
♪ BACK
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ OH WHAT I THOUGHT I WANTED
LET ME DOWN
♪ BUT WHO'S LAUGHING NOW
KEEP THE HOUSE
♪ KEEP THE TRUCK
GO DOWNTOWN
♪ GET TOO DRUNK
KISS A ONE-NIGHT STAND
♪ WITH A BUTTERFLY ON HER BACK
TAKE THE BED
♪ WHERE YOU USED TO LIE
KEEP THE FRIENDS
♪ I NEVER LIKED
AND THE HAPPY EVER AFTER
♪ WELCOME MAT
YOU AIN'T GONNA GET
♪ THIS DIAMOND BACK
NO NEVER EVER GETTIN'
IT'S IN A PAWN SHOP
♪ NEXT TO THE LAUNDROMAT
YOU AIN'T GONNA GET THIS DIAMOND
♪ BACK ♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Announcer: HE'S ONE OF THE
BIGGEST NEW STARS IN COUNTRY.
CURRENTLY HEADLINING HIS FIRST
EVER TOUR: JIMMIE ALLEN!
>> TONIGHT. THE C.M.T. MUSIC
AWARDS ARE TAKING OVER
NASHVILLE.
RIGHT NOW. WE'RE HEADING OUT TO
WALK OF FAME PARK WITH ONE OF MY
FAVORITE BANDS. WHO ARE ABOUT TO
GET EVERYONE VIBING.
GRAB YOUR TEQUILA AND GIVE IT UP
FOR OLD DOMINION!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ I TOOK A LITTLE TIME
TEQUILA AND THERAPY
♪ AND THREW IT IN
A BLENDER WITH ICE
♪ I WAS MORE MESSED UP
THAN I CARED TO BE
♪ SPENT A WHOLE LOT OF
LONELY NIGHTS
♪ I WAS MAD AT MYSELF
PISSED AT THE WORLD
♪ IT WAS HARD TO GET UP
BUT I PUT ONE FOOT
♪ IN FRONT OF THE OTHER
KEPT ON KEEPIN' ON
♪ GOING THROUGH THE MOTIONS
UNTIL THERE WAS
♪ NO HARD FEELINGS
AND NO BAD VIBES
♪ I CAN HONESTLY SAY
I'M HAPPY TO SEE
♪ THE HAPPY BACK IN YOUR EYES
YOU FOUND SOMEBODY
♪ WHO PAINTED YOUR
GREY SKIES BLUE
♪ DO I WISH IT WAS ME
HELL YEAH
♪ AM I ALL THE WAY OVER THE PAIN
NOT YET
♪ BUT THE SUN KEEPS COMING UP
BABY. AND I'M STILL BREATHING
♪ AND THERE'S NO HARD FEELINGS
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ WELL. I PROBABLY OWE YOU
AN APOLOGY
♪ AND SOME MONEY FOR
A NEW SCREEN DOOR
♪ YOUR DAD'S PROBABLY GLAD
TO BE RID OF ME
♪ BUT THAT AIN'T ME ANYMORE
HEY. YOU LOVE WHO YOU LOVE
♪ AND YOU LOSE WHO YOU THOUGHT
WAS THE ONE AND YOU THINK
♪ THAT YOU MIGHT GO CRAZY
AND NEVER GET OUT
♪ OF THE RUT
YOU GET DRUNK
♪ YOU HOLD ON AND
LET GO OF THE GRUDGE. 'TIL
♪ THERE'S NO HARD FEELINGS
AND NO BAD VIBES
♪ I CAN HONESTLY SAY
I'M HAPPY TO SEE
♪ THE HAPPY BACK IN YOUR EYES
YOU FOUND SOMEBODY WHO
♪ PAINTED YOUR GREY SKIES BLUE
BUT DO I WISH IT WAS ME
♪ HELL YEAH
AM I ALL THE WAY OVER THE PAIN
♪ NOT YET
BUT THE SUN KEEPS COMING UP
♪ BABY. AND I'M STILL BREATHING
AND THERE'S NO HARD FEELINGS
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ I WAS MAD AT MYSELF
PISSED AT THE WORLD
♪ IT WAS HARD TO GET UP
BUT I PUT ONE FOOT
♪ IN FRONT OF THE OTHER
KEPT ON KEEPING ON
♪ GOING THROUGH THE MOTIONS
UNTIL THERE WAS
♪ NO HARD FEELINGS
AND NO BAD VIBES
♪ I CAN HONESTLY SAY
I'M HAPPY TO SEE A
♪ LITTLE HAPPY BACK IN YOUR EYES
YOU FOUND SOMEBODY WHO
♪ PAINTED YOUR GREY SKIES BLUE
GOOD FOR YOU
♪ BUT DO I WISH IT WAS ME
HELL YEAH
♪ AM I ALL THE WAY OVER THE PAIN
NOT YET
♪ BUT THE SUN KEEPS COMING UP
BABY. AND I'M STILL BREATHING
♪ AND THERE'S NO HARD FEELINGS
I GOT NO HARD FEELINGS ♪
♪ ♪ ♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Announcer: STILL TO COME.
PERFORMANCES BY MAREN MORRIS AND
RYAN HURD. CODY JOHNSON. AND
YOUR HOST KELSEA BALLERINI.
PLUS. JIMMIE ALLEN. MONICA AND
LITTLE BIG TOWN BRING THEIR HI“"
PRAY” TO THE STAGE. AND JASON
ALDEAN AND BRYAN ADAMS LIGHT UP
BROADWAY.
VOTING IS STILL OPEN FOR VIDEO
OF THE YEAR.
CAST YOUR VOTES RIGHT NOW ON
TWITTER.
THE VOTING IS PRESENTED BY RAM
TRUCKS.
UP NEXT. A HIGH-FLYING
PERFORMANCE OF “GHOST STORY” BY
CARRIE UNDERWOOD WHEN THE 2022
C.M.T. MUSIC AWARDS RETURN HERE
ON CBS.
>> Anthony: WINNING A C.M.T.
MUSIC AWARD IS GREAT.
YOU'RE WHISKED OFF STAGE AND
TAKEN TO A PRESS ROOM WHERE
YOU'RE INTERVIEWED B REPORTERS
AND THEN TAKEN TO A PLACE TO
PARTY WITH OTHER WINNERS
BACKSTAGE.
IT'S AMAZING!
BUT. FOR EVERYONE ELSE. JUST
BEING NOMINATED IS ALSO AMAZING.
AND YOU SHOULD CELEBRATE THAT.
YOU'RE NOT LOSERS. YOU'RE JUST
"WINNER-ADJACENT."
THAT'S WHY ANYONE WHO DOESN'T
WALK AWAY WITH A TROPHY IS
OFFICIALLY INVITED TO THE
BACKSTAGE EXPERIENCE I CALL THE
"ANTHONY MACKIE BACKSTAGE
WINNER-ADJACENT LOUNGE."
THAT'S TAMMY.
SHE LIVES THERE.
WE CALL HER SIX PACK TAMMY. AND
IT'S NOT FOR HER ABS. YOU KNOW
WHAT MI SAYING.
THE ANTHONY MACKIE BACKSTAGE
WINNER-ADJACENT LOUNGE HAS
EVERYTHING FROM SERIOUS SNACKAGE
TO COOL VIBES.
THE ONE THING IT DOESN'T HAVE IS
ANY OF THOSE POMPOUS WINNERS.
AND HEY. THE SNACKS AND DRINKS
ARE ALL COURTESY OF YOUR GUY
ANTHONY MACKIE. SO HELP
YOURSELF!
WE'LL CHECK IN LATER IN THE SHOW
TO SEE HOW THE REAL PARTY IS
GOING!
RIGHT NOW. WE'RE HEADING OUT TO
THE ROOFTOPS OF NASHVILLE.
PLEASE WELCOME COUNTRY STAR
JORDAN DAVIS!
>> WHAT'S UP. EVERYONE?
JORDAN DAVIS COMING AT YOU
FROM DOWNTOWN AT THE FRITOS
ROOFTOP HERE ON LOWER BROAD!
YOU KNOW THIS PARTY IS GOING TO
BE CRAZY BECAUSE OUR FRIENDS AT
FRITOS ARE DOWN FOR EVERYTHING.
I CAN TELL THE CREW UP HERE IS
LOVING ALL THIS GREAT COUNTRY
MUSIC!
THE PAST COUPLE
OF YEARS HI ITS HONOR TO GETTING
TO KNOW THESE GIEKS THEY LOVE TO
HUNT. AND FISH LIKE I DO.
AND MAKE AMAZING COUNTRY MUSIC.
GIVE IT UP FOR MY FRIENDS THOMAS
RHETT
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> ♪ YEAH I'M SUPPOSED TO
MOW THE GRASS TODAY
♪ I'M SUPPOSED TO
FIX THE FENCE
♪ BUT WITH THE SUN BEATIN'
DOWN ON ME
♪ IT'S HARD TO MAKE IT
MAKE SENSE
♪ HALF OF ME WANTS A COLD BEER
YEAH. THAT'S THE
♪ COLD HARD TRUTH
AND WITH A ¡FRIGERATOR
♪ STOCKED FULL OF 'EM
TELL ME WHAT'S A BOY TO DO?
♪ I AIN'T EVEN TRYIN' TO FIGHT
IT'S ALREADY BEEN DECIDED
♪ THE SKY AND THE
MOUNTAINS ARE BLUE
♪ HALF OF ME WANTS A COLD BEER
AND THE OTHER HALF DOES TOO
♪ YEAH. I KINDA NEED TO
WASH MY TRUCK
♪ BUT HELL. I KINDA DON'T CARE
AND. I THINK OL' ALAN JACKSON
♪ SAID IT BEST
"IT'S 5 O'CLOCK SOMEWHERE"
♪ HALF OF ME
WANTS A COLD BEER
♪ YEAH. THAT'S THE
COLD HARD TRUTH
♪ AND WITH A ¡FRIGERATOR
STOCKED FULL OF ¡EM
♪ TELL ME WHAT'S A BOY TO DO?
I AIN'T EVEN TRYIN' TO FIGHT
♪ IT'S ALREADY BEEN DECIDED
THE SKY AND THE
♪ MOUNTAINS ARE BLUE
HALF OF ME WANTS A COLD BEER
♪ YEAH THE OTHER HALF DOES TOO
YEAH. YEAH
♪ HALF OF ME WANTS A COLD BEER
IF I DID WHAT I SHOULD BE DOING
♪ BUDDY THAT WOULD REALLY RUIN
ALL THE FUN. YEAH
♪ THERE'S A WORLD OF
BAD DECISIONS OUT THERE
♪ BUT THIS AIN'T ONE¡
CAUSE HALF OF ME WANTS A
♪ COLD. COLD BEER
YEAH. THAT'S THE
♪ COLD HARD TRUTH
YEAH IT IS
♪ AND WITH A ¡FRIGERATOR
STOCKED FULL OF 'EM
♪ TELL ME WHAT'S A BOY TO DO?
I AIN'T EVEN TRYIN' TO FIGHT
♪ IT'S ALREADY BEEN DECIDED
THE SKY AND THE
♪ MOUNTAINS ARE BLUE
HALF OF ME WANTS A COLD BEER
♪ AND THE OTHER HALF DOES TOO
YEAH. HALF OF ME WANTS A
♪ COLD. COLD BEER
THE OTHER HALF WANTS TWO ♪
WAHOO.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Announcer: FRITOS
CONGRATULATES THOMAS RHETT AND
RILEY GREEN ON THEIR
UNFORGETTABLE PERFORMANCE.
AND NOW. ONCE AGAIN. OUR HOST:
KELSEA BALLERINI!
>> DIFFERENT DRESS. SAME LIVING
ROOM.
AND I'M SO GLAD I GET TO WATCH
THIS NEXT ARTIST EVEN IF IT IS
FROM MY HOUSE.
THEY ALWAYS SAY UNDER PROMISE.
OVERDELIVER SO I'M JUST GOING TO
INTRODUCE HER WITHOUT ANY HYPE
AT ALL WHICH IS VERY HARD.
SO OKAY.
SHE HAS WON THE MOST C.M.T.
MUSIC AWARDS IN HISTORY.
INCLUDING ANOTHER ONE TONIGHT
ALREADY.
THAT IS JUST A FACT.
AND NOW SHE'S BRINGING US
SOMETHING SPECIAL ALL THE WAY
FROM THE STAGE OF HER RESIDENCY
REFLECTION AT RESORTS WORLD LAS
VEGAS WITH THE HELP OF AEG
PRESENTS.
HERE WITH A SOARING PERFORMANCE
OF "GHOST STORY" FROM HER
UPCOMING ALBUM. DENIM AND
RYNESTONES WHICH YOU CAN ONLY
SEE RIGHT HERE T IS THE
MULTITALENTED AND MY PERSONAL
FAVORITE. CARRIE UNDERWOOD.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
MIDNIGHT PLAYING TRICKS
♪ WITH YOUR HEAD
A SILHOUETTE FLOAT
♪ DOWN THE HALLWAY
AND YOU'LL REACH FOR THE LIGHT
♪ BY YOUR BED
YOU'LL HEAR A NOISE
♪ SWEAR YOU KNOW THE VOICE
AND YOU'LL CHASE IT
♪ DOWN THE STAIRS
YOU'LL LOOK AROUND
♪ NOT A SINGLE SOUND¡
CAUSE THERE'S NO ONE
♪ EVEN THERE
I'M GONNA BE
♪ YOUR GHOST STORY
THAT KEEPING YOU UP
♪ ALL NIGHT MEMORY
I'LL BE HAUNTING YOU
♪ YOU'LL BE WANTING ME
I'M GONNA BE
♪ YOUR GHOST STORY
YOUR GHOST STORY
YOU'LL BE SITTING AT HOME
♪ DRINKING 'BOUT ME
WHEN I'M OUT WITH MY
♪ FRIENDS AT THE BAR
BUT THERE AIN'T ENOUGH WHISKEY
♪ FOR YOU NOT TO MISS ME
I'LL BE WAITING AT THE BOTTOM
♪ OF THE BOTTLE IN THE DARK
I'M GONNA BE
♪ YOUR GHOST STORY
THAT KEEPING YOU UP
♪ ALL NIGHT MEMORY
I'LL BE HAUNTING YOU
♪ YOU'LL BE WANTING ME
I'M GONNA BE
♪ YOUR GHOST STORY
YOUR GHOST STORY
OOH. OOH. OOH
♪ YOU'LL WISH YOU NEVER
SAID GOODBYE
♪ WISH YOU'D NEVER LET ME GO
LET THE LOVE BETWEEN US DIE
♪ YOU CAN CARVE IT INTO STONE
I'M GONNA BE
♪ YOUR GHOST STORY
THAT KEEPING YOU UP
♪ ALL NIGHT MEMORY
I'LL BE HAUNTING YOU
♪ YOU'LL BE WANTING ME
I'M GONNA BE
♪ YOUR GHOST STORY
YOUR GHOST STORY
♪ YEAH. YEAH
I'LL BE HAUNTING YOU
♪ YOU'LL BE WANTING ME
I'M GONNA BE
♪ YOUR GHOST STORY
YOUR GHOST STORY ♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Announcer: COMING UP. ROCK
AND ROLL HALL OF FAMER BILLY
GIBBONS HONORS 20 YEARS OF“
C.M.T. CROSSROADS.” PLUS AN
UNFORGETTABLE PERFORMANCE BY THE
JUDDS.
BUT FIRST. A SPECIAL APPEARANCE
BY LEANN RIMES AND MICKEY GUYTON
TAKES THE STAGE WITH BLACK
PUMAS.
THERE'S STILL TIME TO CAST YOUR
VOTE FOR VIDEO OF THE YEAR.
THE VOTING IS PRESENTED BY RAM
TRUCKS.
AND FOLLOW C.M.T. FOR A BEHIND
THE SCENES LOOK.
DON'T GO ANYWHERE!
THE 2022 C.M.T. MUSIC AWARDS
WILL BE RIGHT BACK ON CBS.
>> Announcer: PLEASE WELCOME
BACK OUR CO-HOST KANE BROWN WITH
ROCK AND ROLL HALL OF FAMER
BILLY GIBBONS!
>> Kane: TONIGHT. CMT IS
CELEBRATING THE 20th
ANNIVERSARY OF THEIR HIT MUSIC
SERIES CMT CROSSROADS. AND
THAT'S WHY I'M STANDING HERE
WITH THIS LEGENDARY ROCKER WHO
WAS FEATURED IN ONE OF THE VERY
FIRST EPISODES. ALMOST EXACTLY
20 YEARS AGO WHEN ZZ TOP PLAYED
WITH BROOKS AND DUNN.
>> AND MAN. I LOVED THAT
CROSSROADS YOU DID LAST
YEAR WITH NELLY. THAT “GRITS AND
GRAMMAR” SONG YOU DID IS GREAT.
GOOD STUFF. KANE.
>> Kane: THANKS BILLY!
CROSSROADS HAS BECOME THE GO-TO
PLACE FOR ONCE IN A LIFETIME
COLLABORATIONS BETWEEN COUNTRY
ARTISTS AND SUPERSTARS FROM
OTHER GENRES.
>> LIKE STING. VINCE GILL.
ROBERT PLANT AND ALISON
KRAUSS. DEF LEPPARD AND TAYLOR
SWIFT. AND TOO MANY MORE TO
MENTION HERE.
>> Kane: LET'S TAKE A LOOK AT
SOME OF THE BEST CMT CROSSROADS
MOMENTS EVER.
THEY GET TOGETHER IF YOU DON'T
LIKE MANG WILLIAMS YOU CAN KISS
MY ASS.
>>
♪ AIN'T THAT AMERICA.
♪.
>> IF IS AS GOOD AS IT GETS FOR
ME?
>> THERE IS NO SEPARATION
BETWEEN COUNTRY AND THE BLUES
AND SOUL.
THIS HEART IS ON FIRE.
♪.
>>
♪ I CAN'T BREATHE FOR THE FIRST
TIME.
♪.
>> IF I EVER LOSE TO YOU.
>> WE GO ON THE ROAD TOGETHER.
WE'RE GOING TO CALL OURSELVES
THE SELF-RIGHTEOUS BROTHERS.
YOU CAN'T BLAME ME FOR TRYING.
♪.
>> BEEN INTRODUCED TO YOUR WHOLE
WORLD STAND REALLY A REVELATION.
>> WHAT IS A HONKY-TONK.
>> ST A COUNTRY GUY'S NIGHTCLUB.
>> COULD I BE LIKE OH. COME BY
THE HOUSE. I'M GOING TO HAVE A
HONKY-TONK.
IS THAT WRONG?
>>
♪ EVERYBODY.
♪ LOVE YOUR BODY.
♪.
>> HI A DREAM THAT I HAD AN
ARGUMENT WITH LINDSAY AND I SAID
I'M GOING TO JUST GO THROW ON
LANDI ANTEBELLUM.
>> THIS IS MY MICROPHONE.
>> I GOT THE EYE OF THE TIGER.
♪ DANCING THROUGH THE FIRE.
♪ YOU'RE GOING TO HEAR ME ROAR.
♪
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)
>> Kane: TONIGHT. WE'VE BROUGHT
BACK ONE OF THE GREATEST
COLLABORATIONS IN THE HISTORY OF
THE SERIES.
>> HERE. TO RECAPTURE THE MAGIC
OF THEIR 2009 CMT CROSSROADS
PERFORMANCE. COUNTRY SUPERSTAR
JASON ALDEAN AND ROCK LEGEND
BRYAN ADAMS. WITH THE CLASSIC
POWER BALLAD...“
HEAVEN.”
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ OOH. THINKIN' ABOUT OUR
YOUNGER YEARS
♪ THERE WAS ONLY YOU AND ME
WE WERE YOUNG AND WILD AND FREE
♪ NOW NOTHIN' CAN TAKE YOU
AWAY FROM ME
♪ WE'VE BEEN DOWN
THAT ROAD BEFORE
♪ BUT THAT'S OVER NOW
YOU KEEP ME COMIN' BACK FOR MORE
♪ BABY. YOU'RE ALL THAT I WANT
WHEN YOU'RE LYIN' HERE
♪ IN MY ARMS
I'M FINDIN' IT HARD TO BELIEVE
♪ WE'RE IN HEAVEN
AND LOVE IS ALL THAT I NEED
♪ AND I FOUND IT THERE
IN YOUR HEART
♪ ISN'T TOO HARD TO SEE
WE'RE IN HEAVEN
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ OOH. ONCE IN YOUR LIFE
YOU FIND SOMEONE
♪ WHO WILL TURN
YOUR WORLD AROUND
♪ BRING YOU UP
WHEN YOU'RE FEELIN' DOWN
♪ YEAH. NOTHIN' COULD CHANGE
WHAT YOU MEAN TO ME
♪ OH. THERE'S LOTS
THAT I COULD SAY
♪ BUT JUST HOLD ME NOW
'CAUSE OUR LOVE
♪ WILL LIGHT THE WAY
AND BABY. YOU'RE ALL THAT I WANT
♪ WHEN YOU'RE LYIN'
HERE IN MY ARMS
♪ I'M FINDIN' IT HARD TO BELIEVE
WE'RE IN HEAVEN
♪ YEAH. LOVE IS ALL THAT I NEED
AND I FOUND IT THERE
♪ IN YOUR HEART
IT ISN'T TOO HARD TO SEE
♪ WE'RE IN HEAVEN
YEAH
♪ AND I'VE BEEN WAITIN'
FOR SO LONG
♪ FOR SOMETHIN' TO ARRIVE
TRUE LOVE TO COME ALONG
♪ NOW OUR DREAMS ARE COMIN' TRUE
THROUGH THE GOOD TIMES
♪ AND THE BAD
YEAH. I'LL BE STANDIN'
♪ THERE BY YOU. OH
♪ ♪ ♪
AND BABY. YOU'RE ALL THAT I WANT
♪ WHEN YOU'RE LYIN' HERE
IN MY ARMS
♪ I'M FINDIN' IT HARD TO BELIEVE
WE'RE IN HEAVEN
♪ AND LOVE IS ALL THAT I NEED
AND I FOUND IT THERE
♪ IN YOUR HEART
IT ISN'T TOO HARD TO SEE
♪ WE'RE IN HEAVEN
HEAVEN
♪ OOH
♪ ♪ ♪
YOU'RE ALL THAT I WANT
♪ YOU'RE ALL THAT I NEED ♪
♪ WE'RE IN HEAVEN
♪ ♪ ♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> THANK YOU. COME ON.
A MULTIPLATINUM GRAMMY WINNING
ARTIST CELEBRATING 25 YEARS OF
MAKING MUSIC. LEANN RHIMES.
>> HELLO.
NASHVILLE!
OH MY GOD. WHO WAS NOT JUST
JAMMING TO BRYAN ADAMS AND JASON
ALDEAN.
I AM SO EXCITED TO BE BACK ON
THE STAGE. BUT I IN EVEN MORE
EXCITED FOR MY OWN EPISODE OF
CROSS DD ROADS. THAT YOU GET TO
SEE ON THURSDAY NIGHTS. YES
SOME INCREDIBLE WOMEN ARE
JOINING ME TO CELEBRATE MY
MUSIC.
♪ ♪ ♪
ASHLEY McBRYDE. BRANDY CLARK.
CARLY PEARCE AND THIS NEXT
TALENTED SINGER. WHO IS
EVERYWHERE RIGHT NOW.
SHE'S NOT ONLY ON MY EPISODE.
BUT SHE'S ALSO GETTING HER OWN
CROSSROADS LATER THIS SPRING.
WITH THE GRAMMY-NOMINATED BLACK
PUMAS.
BUT YOU GUYS DON'T HAVE TO WAIT.
BECAUSE WE'RE GIVING YOU A TASTE
RIGHT NOW.
PLEASE WELCOME MICKEY GUYTON AND
BLACK PUMAS!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
SKY FIRST
♪ BABY BLUE
JUST LIKE WE REHEARSED
♪ WHEN I GET UP OFF THIS GROUND
I SHAKE LEAVES BACK DOWN
♪ TO THE BROWN. BROWN
BROWN. BROWN
♪ 'TIL I'M CLEAN
THEN I WALK WHERE I'D BE
♪ SHADED BY THE TREES
BY A MEADOW OF GREEN
♪ FOR ABOUT A MILE
I'M HEADED TO TOWN. TOWN. TOWN
♪ IN STYLE
WITH ALL MY FAVORITE COLORS
♪ YES. SIR
ALL MY FAVORITE COLORS
♪ RIGHT ON
MY SISTERS AND MY BROTHERS
♪ SEE 'EM LIKE NO OTHER
ALL MY FAVORITE COLORS
♪ IT'S A GOOD DAY TO BE
A GOOD DAY FOR ME
♪ A GOOD DAY TO SEE
MY FAVORITE
♪ COLORS. COLORS
MY SISTERS AND MY BROTHERS
♪ THEY SEE 'EM LIKE NO OTHER
ALL MY FAVORITE COLORS
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ I'M ON THE OTHER SIDE
OOH-OOH. OOH-OOH. OOH-OOH-OHH
♪ WHERE THE BABY BLUE BIRDS FLY
♪ IN GRAY CLOUDS
OR WHITE WALLS
♪ OR BLUE SKIES
BLUE SKIES
♪ WE GON' FLY
FEEL ALRIGHT
♪ HELP ME FEEL
ALRIGHT TODAY
♪ AT LEAST I CAN SAY I
OOH-OOH. OOH-OOH. OOH-OOH-OHH
ANTICIPATE
♪ A HOMECOMING PARADE
AS WE RENEGADE
♪ IN THE MORNING
BABY
♪ SWEET MORNING
GOOD MORNING
♪ WITH ALL MY FAVORITE COLORS
RIGHT ON
♪ ALL MY FAVORITE COLORS
♪ MY SISTERS AND MY BROTHERS
SEE 'EM LIKE NO OTHER
♪ ALL MY FAVORITE COLORS
RIGHT ON
IT'S A GOOD DAY TO BE
♪ A GOOD DAY FOR ME
A GOOD DAY TO SEE MY FAVORITE
♪ COLORS. COLORS
MY SISTERS AND MY BROTHERS
♪ SEE 'EM LIKE NO OTHER
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪
>> Announcer: HERE TO PERFORM“
MY BAR” ON THE RAM TRUCKS
STAGE: PRISCILLA BLOCK!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ DON'T COME WALKIN' IN
LIKE YOU OWN IT. YOU OWN IT
♪ I HATE TO BREAK IT TO YOU
YOU DON'T. YEAH. YOU DON'T
♪ YOU THINK YOU'RE SUCH A STAR
BUT HERE'S THE FUNNY PART
♪ NO ONE EVEN KNOWS WHO YOU ARE
THIS IS MY BAR
♪ THIS IS MY BAR
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Announcer: UP NEXT. WALKER
HAYES TIKTOKS ACROSS THE STAGE;
JIMMIE ALLEN. MONICA AND LITTLE
BIG TOWN JOIN FORCES; AND YOUR
HOST. KELSEA BALLERINI. PERFORMS
HER LATEST SINGLE. “HEARTFIRST”"
PLUS. WE'LL FIND OUT WHO WINS
BREAKTHROUGH VIDEO OF THE YEAR.
PRESENTED BY SONIC.
WE'RE BACKSTAGE TAKING YOUR
REQUESTS.
HEAD OVER TO TWITTER FOR MORE.
IT'S ALL HAPPENING HERE AT THE
2022 C.M.T. MUSIC AWARDS ON CBS
THE 2022 C.M.T. MUSIC AWARDS
SPONSORED BY BOOT BARN. OFFERING
A PIECE OF THE AMERICAN SPIRIT.
BOOT BARN.
AND PROGRESSIVE INSURANCE.
SAVE WHEN YOU BUNDLE AUTO. HOME
OR MOTORCYCLE INSURANCE.
VISIT PROGRESSIVE.COM.
ITS TO 22 C.M.T. MUSIC AWARDS
WILL CONTINUE. THIS IS CBS.
>> RECORD WITH SHANE. TOUR WITH
PARKER. AND GET ON THE DANCE
FLOOR WITH BRELAND.
>> THAT ONE SAY WINNER.
>> COME ON NOW.
>> YOU DON'T NEED IT ALL.
>> HERE
>> Announcer: HERE TO PRESENT
BREAKTHROUGH VIDEO OF THE YEAR
PRESENTED BY SONIC. PLEASE
WELCOME THE 2021 WINNER: DYLAN
SCOTT.
( APPLAUSE )
THE MASTERS. THE PREVIOUS WINNER
ALWAYS HANDS OFF A GREEN JACKET
TO THE CURRENT WINNER.
I DECIDED THAT AS LAST YEAR'S
WINNER OF BREAKTHROUGH VIDEO OF
THE YEAR. I ALSO NEEDED TO START
A TRADITION-- A TRADITION KIND
OF LIKE THAT ONE. BUT UNLIKE ANY
OHER ONE.
AND THEN. IT CAME TO ME: WE GIVE
OUR OWN GREEN JACKET. A BEER
JACKET.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
JACKET. TO BE EXACT.
SO. ALONG WITH THE TROPHY.
WHOEVER WINS ALSO HAS A LIFETIME
OF SUPER COLD BEVERAGES TO LOOK
FORWARD TO.
HERE ARE THE NOMINEES FOR
BREAKTHROUGH VIDEO OF THE YEAR.
>> BRELAND. "CROSS COUNTRY."
CAITLYN SMITH FEATURING OLD
DOINION. "I CAN'T."
ELVIE SHANE. "MY BOY."
PARKER McCOLLUM. "TO BE LOVED BY
YOU."
PRISCILLA BLOCK. "JUST ABOUT
OVER YOU."
TENILLE ARTS. "BACK THEN. RIGHT
NOW."
>> AND THE C.M.T. BREAKTHROUGH
VIDEO OF THE YEAR PRESENTED BY
SONIC GOES TO:
PARKER McCOLLUM
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ WHY YOU ALWAYS CRYING.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪.
>> I DON'T KNOW. I JUST SAID
THERE AIN'T NO WAY.
♪ THANK YOU.
I KNOW MY FAMILY IS WATCHING AT
HOME TONIGHT ON TELEVISION.
WE'VE BEEN WATCHING THESE AWARD
SHOWS MY WHOLE LIFE AND I'M ON
IT RIGHT NOW.
AND THEY'RE AT HOME WATCHING.
MY MOM IS HERE TONIGHT. MY
MOTHER AND FATHER IN LAW ARE
HERE TONIGHT SO SUPER COOL.
MAN. I DON'T KNOW.
THAT'S-- I NEVER WON NOTHING AND
HAD TO SAY ANYTHING SO I SURE
THINK A LOT OF THE SONGS I
WRITE. TRY TO WRITE REAL COUNTRY
SONGS FROM THE HEART THAT MEAN
SOMETHING AND APPRECIATE IT
BEING RECOGNIZED.
APPRECIATE Y'ALL.
>> Anthony: THIS NEXT ARTIST HAS
BEEN DOING EVERYTHING FROM
WINNING AWARDS. TO HOSTING
SHOWS. TO HEADLINING CONCERTS.
TO GETTING NOMINATED FOR CMT
FEMALE VIDEO OF THE YEAR. AND
SHE'S DOING IT ALL WITH A ONE-
YEAR-OLD BABY AT HOME.
Y'ALL GIVE IT UP FOR GABBY
BARRETT!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> IT'S BEEN ONE OF THOSE DAYS
I DON'T WANNA DO TWICE
♪ NO MATTER WHAT I SAY
IT DOESN'T COME OUT RIGHT
♪ I NEED ONE OF THOSE NIGHTS
WHERE YOU SLIDE ME CLOSE
♪ 'TIL WE'RE OFF THE MAP
AND YOU'RE MAKIN' ME LAUGH
♪ I DON'T CARE IF WE EVER GO
HOME
♪ SO PICK ME UP
GET ME LOST WAY OUT
♪ DOWN A BACK TWO-LANE
LITTLE GEORGE STRAIT
♪ WAY ON UP
GET ME OUTTA MY HEAD
♪ AND OUTTA THIS TOWN
AND TELL ME NO MATTER WHAT
♪ YOU'LL BE BY MY SIDE
EVERYTHING GONNA BE ALRIGHT
♪ MAKE THE WORLD GO BLACK
HOW YOU DO ME LIKE THAT
♪ WHEN I CLIMB UP IN YOUR TRUCK
JUST PICK ME UP. MMM
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
EVERY ONE-LIGHT STREET
♪ WATCH A FULL MOON CRASH
ON SOME SUNRISE WHEAT
♪ YOU CAN KISS ME FAST AND
DRIVE REAL SLOW
♪ THAT OLD CHEVY MAY
TAKE AS LONG AS IT TAKES
♪ YOU AND JESUS WILL FIX MY SOUL
SO PICK ME UP
♪ GET ME LOST WAY OUT
DOWN A BACK TWO-LANE
♪ LITTLE GEORGE STRAIT
WAY ON UP
♪ GET ME OUTTA MY HEAD
AND OUTTA THIS TOWN
♪ AND TELL ME NO MATTER WHAT
YOU'LL BE BY MY SIDE
♪ EVERYTHING GONNA BE ALRIGHT
MAKE THE WORLD GO BLACK
♪ HOW YOU DO ME LIKE THAT
WHEN I CLIMB UP IN YOUR TRUCK
♪ JUST PICK ME UP
♪ ♪ ♪
OOH
♪ GET ME LOST WAY OUT
DOWN A BACK TWO-LANE
♪ LITTLE GEORGE STRAIT
WAY ON UP
♪ GET ME OUTTA MY HEAD
AND OUTTA THIS TOWN
♪ AND TELL ME NO MATTER WHAT
YOU'LL BE BY MY SIDE
♪ EVERYTHING GONNA BE ALRIGHT
MAKE THE WORLD GO BLACK
♪ HOW YOU DO ME LIKE THAT
WHEN I CLIMB UP IN YOUR TRUCK
♪ JUST PICK ME UP
MMM YEAH
♪ JUST PICK ME UP MMM
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Announcer: WALKER HAYES HITS
THE STAGE NEXT. AND KACEY
MUSGRAVES INTRODUCES A VERY
SPECIAL PERFORMANCE BY COUNTRY
ICONS THE JUDDS.
PLUS. SOME OF THE BIGGEST AWARDS
OF THE NIGHT. INCLUDING VIDEO OF
THE YEAR. ARE ON THE WAY.
FOR EVEN MORE C.M.T. MUSIC
AWARDS. FOLLOW @CMT.
THIS IS THE C.M.T. MUSIC AWARDS
ON CBS.
>> THE 2022 COUNTRY MUSIC AWARDS
>> Announcer: NOW. THE STARS OF
THE UPCOMING CBS REALITY SHOW.
"BEYOND THE EDGE." CRAIG MORGAN
AND MIKE SINGLETARY.
>> TO SAY THIS NEXT PERFORMER
HAD A BIG YEAR ON TIK TOK WOULD
BE AN UNDERSTATEMENT. BUT THE
FACT THAT WE HEARD ABOUT IT DOWN
IN THE JUNGLES OF PANAMA WHILE
SHOOTING OUR NEW SHOW SPEAKS FOR
ITSELF.
>> AND EVEN MORE IMPORTANT THAN
THAT. HE MADE A CERTAIN
NOT TO MENTION. HE HELPED BRING
BACK OREO SHAKES.
NOW. WE'VE GOT HIM HERE WITH HIS
NEW HIT.
GIVE IT UP FOR WALKER HAYES!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ COFFEE CUP
COLD AND BLACK
♪ WISH YOU HAD A LITTLE
SHOT OF JACK
♪ BESIDES THAT
CAN'T COMPLAIN
♪ JUST TRYIN' TO DO THE
DANG THING
♪ MIGHT CHANGE THE OIL IN MY
TRUCK
♪ I AIN'T PAYIN' NO
THIRTY-FIVE BUCKS
♪ KIDS NEED SHOES
MAMA NEEDS LEVI'S
♪ AND I'M JUST TRYNA KEEP MY
DAUGHTERS OFF THE POLE
♪ AND MY SONS OUT OF JAIL
TRYNA GET TO CHURCH SO I
♪ DON'T GO TO HELL
I'M JUST TRYNA KEEP MY WIFE
♪ FROM FIGURING OUT
THAT I MARRIED UP
♪ AND SHE MARRIED
WAY. WAY DOWN
♪ IN ALABAMA
WHERE THEY LOVE NICK SABAN
♪ TRYNA WRITE A SONG
THE LOCAL COUNTRY STATION
♪ WILL PLAY
HEY
♪ I'M JUST TRYNA STAY OUT OF AA
YES I AM. BABAY
♪ WELL. I GAVE UP SKOAL
AND CIGARETTES
♪ NOW I'M JUST HOOKED ON
NICORETTE
♪ TRYING NOT TO BE LIKE
MY OLD MAN
♪ BUT THE OLDER I GET
THE MORE I AM
♪ TRYNA GET PAID. AND
A LITTLE LOVE MADE. Y'ALL
♪ HEY. Y'ALL
AT THE END OF THE DAY. Y'ALL
♪ I'M JUST ANOTHER JOHN DEERE
GUY. HEY
♪ UP ON A TRACTOR
TRYNA STEER MY DAUGHTERS
♪ OFF THE POLE
AND MY SONS OUT OF JAIL
♪ TRYNA GET TO CHURCH SO I
DON'T GO TO HELL
♪ I'M JUST TRYNA KEEP MY WIFE
FROM FIGURING OUT
♪ THAT I MARRIED UP
AND SHE MARRIED
♪ WAY. WAY DOWN
IN ALABAMA
♪ WHERE THEY LOVE NICK SABAN
TRYNA WRITE A SONG
♪ THE LOCAL COUNTRY STATION
WILL PLAY
♪ HEY
I'M JUST TRYNA STAY OUT OF AA
♪ OOH. OOH. OOH
♪ TRYNA STAY OUT OF AA
EVERY DAY
♪ ONE STEP AT A TIME. YEAH
LIFE'S HARD
♪ FAMILY'S WEIRD
SOMETIMES YOU JUST NEED A BEER
♪ CAN I GET AN AMEN?
AMEN
♪ MAN. I'M JUST TRYNA KEEP MY
DAUGHTERS OFF THE POLE
♪ AND MY SONS OUT OF JAIL
TRYNA GET TO CHURCH SO I
♪ DON'T GO TO HELL
I'M JUST TRYNA KEEP MY WIFE
♪ FROM FIGURING OUT
THAT I MARRIED UP
♪ AND SHE MARRIED
WAY. WAY DOWN
♪ IN ALABAMA
WHERE THEY LOVE NICK SABAN
♪ TRYNA WRITE A SONG
THE LOCAL COUNTRY STATION
♪ WILL PLAY
HEY
♪ I'M JUST TRYNA STAY OUT OF AA
BIG FINISH!
OH. HEY. HEY. HEY
♪ I'M JUST TRYNA STAY OUT OF AA
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
BRINGING THE GOSPEL VIBE TO
THE C.M.T. STAGE.
HERE WITH “PRAISE THE LORD.”
IT'S MY BUDDY BRELAND!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> ♪ PRAISE THE LORD FOR SISTER
JULIE
♪ BIG OL' HAT AND TAMBOURINE
SHE KEEPS PLAYING
♪ WHEN WE'RE SHOUTIN'
DOESN'T KNOW THAT SHE'S OFF BEAT
♪ PRAISE THE LORD FOR MY
BARTENDER
♪ TURNS A SINGLE INTO TWO
WE WENT CRAZY OUT THERE
♪ LAST NIGHT
WE NEED SAVING IN THIS PEW
♪ IT DON'T MATTER HOW YOU
WORSHIP
♪ SINNER. SAINT. WIN OR LOSE
PRAISE THE LORD FOR
♪ SOUTHERN WOMEN
HEMI ENGINES. CRISPY CHICKEN
♪ PRAISE THE LORD FOR EAST
ATLANTA
♪ COUNTRY GRAMMAR. AND MY NANA
PRAISE THE LORD THAT
♪ I GOT EVERYTHING
I WANT AND NEED AND MORE
♪ I MIGHT TURN UP ON SATURDAY
BUT FIRST THING SUNDAY MORN
♪ PRAISE THE LORD. PRAISE THE
LORD
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ OOOHHH
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
JOHNSON AND MIRANDA LAMBERT ARE
ALL SET TO PERFORM FROM ACROSS
MUSIC CITY.
BUT FIRST. MAREN MORRIS AND RYAN
HURD ARE HERE WITH THEIR LATEST
COLLABORATION. “I CAN'T LOVE YOU
ANYMORE.”
THERE'S STILL MORE PERFORMANCES
AND MORE AWARDS.
RIGHT NOW TWEET US YOUR
QUESTIONS AND YOU MIGHT GET AN
ANSWER FROM YOUR FAVORITE ARTIST
ON CMT FANCAM T IS
IT'S THE 2022 C.M.T. MUSIC
AWARDS. RIGHT HERE ON CBS.
THE 2022 CMT AWARDS. SPONSORED
BY STIHL.
AND VERIZON.
>> THE 2022 CMT MUSIC AWARDS
WILL CONTINUE.
THIS IS CBS.
♪ ♪ ♪
>> COME ON. NELLY. LOOK. LIKE I
DON'T WANT TO BE ON YOUR NEXT
ALBUM. DOG. LIKE IT'S COOL
THOUGH. LIKE WE COULD DO LIKE
SALAD GREENS AND NECK BONES.
LIKE WHATEVER YOU COME UP WITH.
I GIVE YOU 16 BARS. I WON'T EVEN
CHARGE YOU.
OH HEY. WHAT'S UP.
WE BACK ON.
I KNOW THIS PLACE IS FILLED WITH
COUNTRY FANS. AND THERE ARE
MILLIONS OF YOU WATCHING AT
HOME. BUT I BET MOST OF YOU
DIDN'T REALIZE THAT I. ANTHONY
MACKIE. HAVE HAD A LONG AND
STORIED CAREER IN COUNTRY MUSIC.
IT'S TRUE.
NOT BRAGGING.
REMEMBER STAPLETON AND J.T.?
IT WAS REALLY STAPLETON. J.T.
AND MACKIE.
I PLAYED BONGOS.
( LAUGHTER )
SURE. WE ALL REMEMBER BILLY RAY
TEAMING UP WITH LIL NAS X?
WHO DO YOU THINK PLAYED
HARMONICA IN THE TOLL BOOTH ON
"THAT OLD TOWN ROAD"?
ME!
AND IF ANY OF YOU WERE WONDERING
WHY IT'S BEEN 20 YEARS SINCE THE
JUDDS TOURED. MAYBE IT'S BECAUSE
OF THAT TIME THEY DECIDED TO
PERFORM AS A TRIO-- MOTHER.
DAUGHTER. AND BLACK GUY.
THAT'S ME!
THAT'S ME IN THE MIDDLE.
BUT RIGHT NOW WE'VE GOT A TRULY
ONCE IN A LIFETIME PERFORMANCE
FROM MY COHOST.
SHE IS WORKING FROM HOME TO A
WITH THE WORLD TELEVISION
PREMIERE OF HER SONG “HEART
FIRST.”. FROM HER BACKYARD. IT'S
KELSEA BALLERINI!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ ♪ ♪
>> ♪ MET HIM AT A PARTY
ACCIDENTALLY BRUSHED HIS BODY
♪ ON THE WAY TO GET A
DRINK AT THE BAR
♪ I COULDN'T WAIT 'TIL LATER
TALKING IN THE ELEVATOR
♪ THEN WE'RE KISSING IN THE
BACK OF THE CAR
♪ THAT VOICE IN MY HEAD
SAYS TO SLOW DOWN
♪ BUT IT CAN'T SEE THE WAY YOU
LOOKIN' AT ME RIGHT NOW
♪ IT MAY NOT BE NEXT WEEK
WHAT I NEED
♪ THEN AGAIN
MAYBE IT MIGHT BE
♪ COULD BE FOREVER
OR WE MIGHT BREAK
♪ THAT'S JUST THE KIND OF
RISK THAT WE TAKE
♪ MY HEAD IS YELLIN'
THAT I COULD GET HURT
♪ BUT I'M GONNA JUMP RIGHT IN
BABY. WITH MY HEART FIRST
♪ I GOTTA HAVE YOU
GOTTA SEE IF THIS WORKS
WAKE UP IN YOUR T-SHIRT
♪ WHO KNOWS WHAT'LL HAPPEN
AIN'T THAT ALWAYS KINDA MAGIC
♪ WHEN YOU DON'T KNOW WHO'S
HOLDING THE CARDS?
♪ COULD BE A "WISH I
NEVER KNEW YA"
♪ OR PERMANENTLY TATTOO YA
ONLY THE MOON KNOWS WHAT'S
♪ IN THE STARS
WHAT'S IN THE STARS
♪ MMM. THAT VOICE IN MY HEAD
SAYS TO SLOW DOWN
♪ BUT IT CAN'T FEEL YOUR HANDS
ON MY HIPS RIGHT NOW
♪ IT MAY NOT BE NEXT YEAR
WHAT I NEED
♪ THEN AGAIN
MAYBE IT MIGHT BE
♪ COULD BE FOREVER
OR WE MIGHT BREAK
♪ THAT'S JUST THE KIND OF
RISK THAT WE TAKE
♪ MY HEAD IS YELLIN'
THAT I COULD GET HURT
♪ BUT I'M GONNA JUMP RIGHT IN
BABY. WITH MY HEART FIRST
♪ I GOTTA HAVE YOU
GOTTA SEE IF THIS WORKS
I GOTTA HAVE YOU
♪ I GOTTA HAVE YOU
WAKE UP IN YOUR T-SHIRT
DIVING IN HEART FIRST
♪ HEART FIRST
I GOTTA HAVE YOU
♪ OOH. I GOTTA HAVE YA
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ AND I CAN'T EVEN STOP MYSELF
ANYMORE
♪ OOH. I GOTTA HAVE YOU
♪ OH. IT COULDN'T END
THE PERFECT NIGHT
♪ OUTSIDE
MY FRONT DOOR
♪ COULD BE FOREVER
OR WE MIGHT BREAK
♪ THAT'S JUST THE KIND OF
RISK THAT WE TAKE
♪ MY HEAD IS YELLIN'
THAT I COULD GET HURT
♪ BUT I'M GONNA JUMP RIGHT IN
BABY. WITH MY HEART FIRST
♪ I GOTTA HAVE YOU
GOTTA SEE IF THIS WORKS
I GOTTA HAVE YOU
♪ I GOTTA HAVE YOU
WAKE UP IN YOUR T-SHIRT
♪ WAKE UP IN YOUR T-SHIRT
♪ I GOTTA HAVE YOU
DIVING IN HEART FIRST
♪ DIVING IN HEART FIRST
I GOTTA HAVE YOU
♪ YEAH. I GOTTA HAVE YA ♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
COUNTRY MUSIC FAN LILY ALDRIDGE.
>> PLINTEE OF PERFORMERS ARE
ABLE TO MAKE BEAUTIFUL MUSIC
TOGETHER BUT THESE TWO HAVE
SOMETHING EXTRA SPECIAL GOING
ON.
WHICH IS PROBABLY WHY THEY MADE
THE COLLABORATION OFFICIAL AND
TIED THE KNOT.
I AM MARRIED TO MUSICIAN. YES.
GIVE IT UP. I'M MARRIED TO
MUSICIAN AND I LOVE GETTING THE
WATCH HIM PLAY.
BUT THESE TWO GET TO SHARE THAT
FEELING TOGETHER.
GIVE IT UP FOR MAREN MORRIS AND
RYAN HURD!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
WHAT I WAS GETTIN' IN
♪ FALLIN' FOR A
BOY FROM MICHIGAN
♪ YOU LOVE YOUR MOM LIKE
EVERY MID-WEST KID
♪ YOU LIKE DRIVIN' TO TEXAS
YOU PUT UP WITH ALL MY EXES
♪ TO DESERVE YOU
DON'T KNOW WHAT THE HELL I DID
♪ I CAN'T LOVE YOU ANYMORE
I CAN'T LOVE YOU ANYMORE
THAN I DO NOW
♪ YOU CAN TRY TO TALK ME DOWN
BUT I CAN SAY WITHOUT A DOUBT
♪ I CAN'T LOVE YOU ANYMORE
THAN I DO NOW
♪ BRING ME COFFEE EVERY MORNIN'
YOU'RE FUN EVEN WHEN YOU'RE
BORING
♪ AND YOU LIKE ME EVEN
WHEN I'VE BEEN A BITCH
♪ YOU WATCH ME WHILE I'M
GETIN' READY
♪ YOU LIGHTEN OUT MY HEAVY
YOU'RE SO GOOD LOOKIN'
♪ IT KINDA MAKES ME SICK
♪ I CAN'T LOVE YOU ANYMORE
I CAN'T LOVE YOU ANYMORE
THAN I DO NOW
♪ YOU CAN TRY TO TALK ME DOWN
BUT I CAN SAY WITHOUT A DOUBT
♪ I CAN'T LOVE YOU ANYMORE
THAN I DO NOW. AYY-AYY
♪ OOH. OOH-OOH
OOH. OOH-OOH
OOH. OOH. OOH
♪ YOU'RE THE ANGEL TO MY DEVIL
THE POT TO MY KETTLE
♪ TO SOME
I MIGHT BE
♪ AN ACQUIRED TASTE
YOU TELL ME
♪ I'M YOUR FAVORITE PERSON
YEAH. WHAT WE GOT IS WORKIN'
♪ AND THE YEARS HAVE ONLY
MADE 'EM MORE THAT WAY
♪ I CAN'T LOVE YOU ANYMORE
I CAN'T LOVE YOU ANYMORE
THAN I DO NOW
♪ YOU CAN TRY TO TALK ME DOWN
BUT I CAN SAY WITHOUT A DOUBT
♪ I CAN'T LOVE YOU ANYMORE
THAN I DO NOW
♪ YOU'RE THE MOST THAT I'VE
ATTEMPTED
♪ COULDN'T EVEN PUT A DENT IN
I CAN'T LOVE YOU ANYMORE
♪ THAN I DO NOW ♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Announcer: NOW FROM THE RAM
TRUCKS STAGE WITH "SHOULD
HAVE KNOWN BETTER." JESSE JAMES
DECKER.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> ♪ SO I BEEN LOVING MYSELF
LIKE YOU NEVER LOVED ME
♪ AND IF IT HURTS LIKE HELL
YOU CAN ONLY BLAME YOURSELF
♪ SHOULD HAVE KNOWN BETTER
THAN TO BREAK MY HEART
♪ OH AIN'T IT FUNNY?
NO. I NEVER LOOKED BETTER
♪ AND IT'S ALL YOUR FAULT
OH SORRY. HONEY
♪ BUT IT'S OVER
YEAH. I MOVED ON
♪ HALLELUJAH
HALLELUJAH
♪ YOU SHOULD HAVE KNOWN BETTER
THAN TO BREAK MY HEART
♪ SHOULD HAVE KNOWN BETTER
THAN TO BREAK MY HEART ♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
THE BIGGEST NAMES IN COUNTRY
STILL TO COME. INCLUDING KENNY
CHESNEY. KANE BROWN. AND MIRANDA
LAMBERT.
FAITH HILL AND ISABEL MAY FROM
"1883" GIVE OUT THE BIGGEST
AWARD OF THE NIGHT. VIDEO OF THE
YEAR.
PLUS. MARTINA McBRIDE AND A
SPECIAL APPEARANCE BY GAYLE
KING.
ALL COMING UP WHEN THE 2022
C.M.T. MUSIC AWARDS CONTINUES ON
CBS.
>> THE 2022 CMT MUSIC AWARDS
WILL CONTINUE.
THIS IS CBS.
♪ ♪ ♪
>> Anthony: EARLIER TONIGHT WE
GAVE OUT CMT PERFORMANCE OF THE
YEAR.
THE A TISES FIRST C.M.T. MUS
ACHE WARD EVER. THAT IS CRAZY.
GEORGE COULDN'T BE HERE BUT HE
SENT A THANK YOU SO CHECK IT
OUT.
HE IS VERY THANKFUL.
>> WOW. I CAN'T BELIEVE I WON.
I'M SORRY I'M NOT THERE TONIGHT
BUT I WANT TO SAY THANK YOU TO
ALL THE FANS WHO VOTED FOR ME.
I REALLY APPRECIATE THAT.
AND THANK YOU TO C.M.T.
THIS WAS REALLY SPECIAL FOR ME
BECAUSE IT WAS A TRIBUTE SONG TO
THE LATE CHARLIE PRIDE. MY
FRIEND.
AND I WANT TO SAY I HAD TO
CHARLIE'S FAMILY OUT THERE.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
>> GEORGE STRAIT. Y'ALL. THAT IS
HIS FIRST C.M.T.
WHAT A LEGEND. RIGHT.
NOW. TO INTRODUCE OUR NEXT
PERFORMANCE. FROM THE UPCOMING
FILMS "REAGAN" DENNIS QUAID!
♪ ♪ ♪
>> HELLO. NASHVILLE!
WHAT A GREAT NIGHT!
I AM VERY EXCITED THAT I GET TO
INTRODUCE ONE OF THE BIGGEST
SONGS OF THE YEAR.
THIS GUY IS BELOVED IN TEXAS.
HE'S A LEGEND THERE. AND HE'S IN
THE MIDDLE OF TURNING INTO A
LEGEND EVERYWHERE.
TONIGHT HE'S TAKING OVER
BROADWAY RIGHT IN THE HEART OF
DOWNTOWN NASHVILLE.
HERE IS CODY JOHNSON!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> ARE YOU READY. NASHVILLE?
♪ YOU CAN TELL YOUR OLD MAN
YOU'LL DO SOME LARGE-MOUTH
♪ FISHIN' ANOTHER TIME
YOU JUST GOT TOO MUCH
♪ ON YOUR PLATE
TO BAIT AND CAST A LINE
♪ YOU CAN ALWAYS PUT A
RAIN CHECK IN HIS HAND
♪ 'TIL YOU CAN'T
♪ YOU CAN KEEP PUTTIN' OFF
FOREVER WITH
♪ THAT GIRL WHO'S HEART YOU HOLD
SWEARIN' THAT YOU'LL ASK SOMEDAY
♪ FURTHER DOWN THE ROAD
YOU CAN ALWAYS PUT A
♪ DIAMOND ON HER HAND
'TIL YOU CAN'T
HERE WE GO!
♪ IF YOU GOT A CHANCE
TAKE IT
♪ TAKE IT WHILE YOU GOT A CHANCE
IF YOU GOT A DREAM
♪ CHASE IT
'CAUSE A DREAM WON'T
CHASE YOU BACK
♪ IF YOU'RE GONNA LOVE SOMEBODY
HOLD 'EM AS LONG AND AS STRONG
♪ AND AS CLOSE AS YOU CAN
UNTIL YOU CAN'T
♪ THERE'S A BOX OF GREASY PARTS
SITTIN' IN THE TRUNK OF THAT '65
♪ STILL WAITIN' ON YOU AND YOUR
GRANDAD TO BRING IT BACK TO LIFE
♪ YOU CAN ALWAYS GET AROUND TO
FIXIN' UP THAT PONTIAC
♪ 'TIL YOU CAN'T
♪ IF YOU GOT A CHANCE
TAKE IT
♪ TAKE IT WHILE YOU GOT A CHANCE
IF YOU GOT A DREAM
♪ CHASE IT
'CAUSE A DREAM WON'T
CHASE YOU BACK
♪ IF YOU'RE GONNA LOVE SOMEBODY
HOLD 'EM AS LONG AND AS STRONG
♪ AND AS CLOSE AS YOU CAN
'TIL YOU CAN'T
♪ SO TAKE THAT PHONE CALL FROM
YOUR MAMA
♪ JUST TALK AWAY
'CAUSE YOU'LL NEVER KNOW
♪ HOW BAD YOU WANNA
'TIL YOU CAN'T SOME DAY
♪ DON'T WAIT ON TOMORROW
'CAUSE TOMORROW MAY NOT SHOW
♪ SAY YOUR SORRY'S
YOUR I LOVE YOU'S
♪ 'CAUSE. MAN
YOU NEVER KNOW
♪ IF YOU GOT A CHANCE
TAKE IT
♪ TAKE IT WHILE YOU GOT A CHANCE
IF YOU GOT A DREAM
♪ CHASE IT
'CAUSE A DREAM WON'T
CHASE YOU BACK
♪ IF YOU'RE GONNA LOVE SOMEBODY
HOLD 'EM AS LONG AND AS STRONG
♪ AND AS CLOSE AS YOU CAN
'TIL YOU CAN'T
♪ YEAH. IF YOU GOT A CHANCE
TAKE IT
♪ TAKE IT
TAKE IT WHILE YOU GOT A CHANCE
♪ IF YOU GOT A DREAM
CHASE IT
♪ 'CAUSE A DREAM WON'T
CHASE YOU BACK
♪ IF YOU'RE GONNA LOVE SOMEBODY
HOLD 'EM AS LONG AND AS STRONG
♪ AND AS CLOSE AS YOU CAN
'TIL YOU CAN'T
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ UNTIL YOU CAN'T
YEAH
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ TAKE IT ♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Announcer: PLEASE WELCOME.
COUNTRY MUSIC LEGEND. MARTINA
McBRIDE.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
THE VIDEOS IN THIS NEXT CATEGORY
AREN'T SHORT ON BREATHTAKING
IMAGERY. AND STUNNING. CINEMATIC
SCOPE.
BUT WHAT SETS THESE ARTISTS
APART IS THEIR ABILITY TO SHARE
THEIR TRUE. AUTHENTIC SELVES
THROUGH THEIR POWERFUL AND
EXPRESSIVE VOICES.
HERE ARE THE NOMINEES FOR FEMALE
VIDEO OF THE YEAR.
>> BRANDI CARLILE. "RIGHT ON
TIME."
GABBY BARRETT. "FOOTPRINTS ON
THE MOON."
KACEY MUSGRAVES. "JUSTIFIED."
MAREN MORRIS. "CIRCLES AROUND
THIS TOWN."
MCKEY GUYTON. "REMEMBER HER
NAME."
MIRANDA LAMBERT. "IF I WAS A
COWBOY."
TENILLE ARTS. "BACK THEN. RIGHT
NOW."
>> AND THE C.M.T. FEMALE VIDEO
OF THE YEAR GOES TO:
MIRANDA LAMBERT. "IF I WAS A
COWBOY."
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
EY. Y'ALL.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
THANK YOU MARTINA.
I AM SO DAMN HAPPY TO BE HERE.
AND I. MARTINA McBRIDE JUST
HANDED ME A BUB BUCKLE. I LOVE
THAT.
I'M SO HAPPY TO BE JUST A PART
OF THE WOMEN IN COUNTRY MUSIC
TODAY.
WE'RE REALLY STARTING TO KICK
SOME ASS AND I'M SO EXCITED
ABOUT.
THANK YOU THE ANGLY FEMALE
DIRECTOR WHO DIRECTED PRETTY
MUCH EVERY MUSIC VIDEO OF MY
CAREER FOR THE LAST 20 YEARS SO
TREY. I LOVE YOU. THIS ONE IS
FOR YOU. WE ARE COWBOYS AND
WE'RE GOING TO CONTINUE TO BE.
CHEERS YALL
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
SIX-TIME GRAMMY WINNING
SUPERSTAR. KACEY MUSGRAVES.
I'M HERE TONIGHT IN DOWNTOWN
NASHVILLE TO MEET AN INTRODUCE A
DUO WHO HAPPEN TO BE THE NEWEST
INDUCTEES TO THE COUNTRY MUSIC
HALL OF FAME. A MOTHER AND
DAUGHTER WHOR SOUND. SONG
WRITING AND PERSEVERES MADE THEM
ONE THE MOST SUCCESSFUL DID
YOUOS IN COUNTRY MUSIC HISTORY.
OVER THEIR NEARLY 40 YEAR CAREER
THE JUDDS DOMINATED THE COUNTRY
CHARTS
CHARTS WITH 14 NUMBER ONE HITS
AND FIVE PLATINUM ALBUMS AND
RACKED UP MORE THAN 20 MAIJARY
WARD SHOW WINS.
NOW THEY ARE ADDING TO THEIR
LEGACY AS THEY GET READY TO
EMBARK ON THEIR FINAL TOUR THIS
FALL.
I'M SO EXCITED THEY ARE BACK AND
HERE WITH US TONIGHT FOR THEIR
FIRST AWARD SHOW PERFORMANCE IN
OVER 20 YEARS.
Y'ALL. NAOMI AND WYNONA. THE
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> ♪ I'D GLADLY
WALK ACROSS THE DESERT
♪ WITH NO SHOES UPON MY FEET
TO SHARE WITH YOU
♪ THE LAST BITE
OF BREAD I HAD TO EAT
♪ I WOULD SWIM OUT TO SAVE YOU
IN YOUR SEA OF BROKEN DREAMS
♪ WHEN ALL YOUR HOPES
ARE SINKIN'
♪ LET ME SHOW YOU
WHAT LOVE MEANS
♪ LOVE CAN BUILD A BRIDGE
BETWEEN YOUR HEART
♪ AND MINE
LOVE CAN BUILD A BRIDGE
♪ DON'T YOU THINK IT'S TIME?
DON'T YOU THINK IT'S TIME?
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
EVERY HEART COULD UNDERSTAND
♪ THAT LOVE AND ONLY LOVE
CAN JOIN THE TRIBES OF MAN
♪ I WOULD GIVE MY HEART'S DESIRE
SO THAT YOU MIGHT SEE
♪ THE FIRST STEP IS TO REALIZE
THAT IT ALL BEGINS WITH
♪ YOU AND ME
♪ LOVE CAN BUILD A BRIDGE
BETWEEN YOUR HEART
♪ AND MINE
LOVE CAN BUILD A BRIDGE
♪ DON'T YOU THINK IT'S TIME?
DON'T YOU THINK IT'S TIME?
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ WHEN WE STAND TOGETHER
IT'S OUR FINEST HOUR
♪ WE CAN DO ANYTHING
ANYTHING
♪ ANYTHING
♪ KEEP BELIEVIN'
IN THE POWER
♪ LOVE CAN BUILD A BRIDGE
BETWEEN YOUR HEART
♪ AND MINE
LOVE CAN BUILD A BRIDGE
♪ DON'T YOU THINK IT'S TIME?
DON'T YOU THINK IT'S TIME?
YEAH. YES I DO
♪ LOVE CAN BUILD A BRIDGE
BETWEEN YOUR HEART
♪ AND MINE
BETWEEN YOUR HEART AND MINE
♪ LOVE CAN BUILD A BRIDGE
♪ DON'T YOU THINK IT'S TIME?
DON'T YOU THINK IT'S TIME?
♪ LOVE AND ONLY LOVE
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
OF THE YEAR?
IT'S UP TO YOU.
YOU CAN STILL CAST YOUR VOTES
RIGHT NOW ON TWITTER.
THE VOTING IS PRESENTED BY RAM
TRUCKS.
BUT UP NEXT. GABBY BARRETT AND
DUSTIN LYNCH REVEAL THE WINNER
FOR GROUP/DUO VIDEO OF THE YEAR;
AND JIMMIE ALLEN. MONICA AND
LITTLE BIG TOWN UNITE TO TAKE
OVER THE STAGE-- ALL HERE WHEN
THE 2022 C.M.T. MUSIC AWARDS
RETURNS ON CBS.
>> THE 2022 CMT MUSIC AWARDS
SPONSORED BY PRIOGRESSIVE.
AND RAM TRUCKS.
>> Announcer: THESE NEXT
PRESENTERS WERE BOTH NOMINATED
TONIGHT. AND YOU CAN CATCH THEM
BOTH ON TOUR.
PLEASE WELCOME. GABBY BARRETT
AND DUSTIN LYNCH!
THANK YATS. ALL RIGHT
WHAT A SHOW SO FAR AND THE PARTY
IS STILL GOING STRONG.
>> YES. I'M.
>> I'M IN PARTY MODE. ARE YOU
HAVING A PARTY LATER.
>> LET'S NOT GET CRAZY HERE. I
GOT A ONE-YEAR OLD BABY AT HOME
AND HAVE TO CHANGE A DIRTY
DIAPER IN THE MORNING.
>> LET'S GET IT MOVING HERE.
>> ALL RIGHT.
>> HERE ARE THE NOMINEES FOR
GROUP SLASH DUO VIDEO OF THE
YEAR.
>> AND THE C.M.T. GROUP/DUO
VIDEO OF THE YEAR GOES TO:
MADDIE AND TAE. "WOMAN YOU GOT."
♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> DAMN. LET ME TELL Y'ALL
SOMETHING ABOUT THE DEVIL.
HE TRIED TO GET YOU WHEN YOU
DOING RIGHT.
BUT GOD LOVES YOU.
GOD LOVES YOU!
OKAY.
OKAY. LET'S GO. BABY.
OH. I MISSED YOU.
I MISSED YOU SO MUCH.
THAT'S MY GIRL.
AND I'VE BEEN DRINKING. I'M SO
NERVOUS.
THANK YOU OUR TEAM. OUR CREATIVE
TEAM. MARK HOLMAN. JT.
-- MY HUSBAND WHO IS MY MUSE. I
MISS YOU SO BAD.
OUR FANS. THANK YOU.
TELL THAT BABY GIRL I LOVE HER.
I WANT TO THANK OUR FANS.
BUT MOST IMPORTANTLY THE
RESILIENCE THAT GOD HAS BUILT IN
US AND OTHER TEAM. THE CLARITY
HE HAS GIVEN US. THE STRENGTH HE
GIVES US. THE VISION GOD GIVES
US AND THE PEACE HE BRINGS.
THIS IS MUCH BIGGER THAN A MUSIC
VIDEO AWARD.
I'M CRYING. I'VE BEEN DRINKING
WINE.
GOD KNOWS ME.
THANK YOU JESUS SAND-- I'M SO
GRATEFUL.
>> THANK YOU. THANK YOU SO. SO
MUCH.
>> Anthony: I TOLD YOU WE'D
CHECK BACK IN WITH THE WINNER
ADJACENT LOUNGE. THE PLACE WHERE
ALL OUR NON-WINNERS ARE
PARTYING.
SO LET'S SEE HOW IT'S GOING.
LOOKS LIKE THE GUYS FROM MIDLAND
ARE IN THERE HAVING A NICE TIME.
SAVE ME SOME SNACKS!
NOW. SOME PEOPLE LIKE TO WAKE UP
AND DRINK COFFEE. SOME PEOPLE
LIKE TO GO TO THE GYM.
SOME PEOPLE MEDITATE.
I JUST NEED A DAILY DOSE OF THE
MORNING NEWS FROM THIS NEXT
PRESENTER.
SHE'S THE FACE. WARMTH. BEAUTY
AND ELEGANCE OF "CBS MORNINGS."
AND A TRUE NEWS LEGEND. GAYLE
KING!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
GOES TO YOU MADDIE.
CONGRATULATIONS AND I LIKE
MIRANDA WHEN SHE SAID I'M SO
DAMN HAPPY TO BE HERE. THAT
WOULD BE ME TOO.
SO I'M SITTING OVER HERE WITH
THE COOL KIDS. I DON'T KNOW HOW
I GOT A SEAT THAT GREAT BUT I'M
SITTING WITH THE COOL KIDS AND
TAM SAYS GAYLE. I'M QUITE
SURPRISED TO SEE YOU HERE. I
WOULDN'T THINK THIS IS YOUR
THING.
I SAID I'M QUITE SURPRISED TO
SEE YOU HERE. I WOULDN'T THINK
THIS IS YOUR THING. MR. QUEER
EYE. HE GOES NO. I LOVE COUNTRY
MUSIC.
ME TOO.
I SAID WHAT DO YOU LOVE ABOUT
IT.
>> HE SAID YOU GUYS ARE THE
NICEST PEOPLE. HAVE I TO SAY.
COUNTRY MUSIC PEOPLE. COUNTRY
MUSIC PEOPLE ARE THE NICEST.
THEY TELL THE BEST STORIES.
AND THEY ARE GENERAL GENUINELY.
GENUINELY GOOD. GOOD SOULS SO
I'M THRILLED TO BE HERE. AND
HAVE I TO GIVE A QUICK EXAMPLE.
I KNOW I WILL HURRY. I HAVE TO
GIVE A QUICK EXAMPLE OF SOUTHERN
HOSPITALITY.
I GOT OFF THE PLANE. LANDED. HAD
AN HOUR BEFORE I HAD TO GETS
RADE AND I TEXTED CARLY PEARCE
AND I SAID I ONLY HAVE A COUPLE
HOURS WITH ME AND MY CREW.
YOU CAN REM SOME PLACE TO GO FOR
SOMETHING QUICK. SHE SAYS MILK
AND HONEY. ANYBODY BEEN TO MILK
AND HONEY.
WE GO THERE. ORDER EVERYTHING3
OFF THE DAMN MENU.
GOI TO PAY AND THEY SAID YOU'RE
SPECIAL FRIEND FROM NASHVILLE
CALLED AND THEY'RE PAYING.
I SAID SPECIAL FRIEND?
THOMAS RHETT. NO. THEY SAID THEY
HAD A REALLY SWEET CROIX. KANE
BROWN.
>> NO. THEY WOULDN'T TELL ME BUT
IT WAS CARLY PEARCE. CARLY.
THANK YOU.
WHEREVER CARLY IS THANK YOU. IF
I HAD KNOWN SHE WASN'T PAYING I
WOULDN'T HAVE ORDERED SO MUCH
FOOD.
LET ME JUST SAY. THIS THRILL.
IT'S BEEN TEN YEARS SINCE C.M.T.
INTRODUCED IT'S NEXT WOMEN OF
COUNTRY FRANCHISE TO ADVOCATE
FOR FEMALE VOICES IN THE FORMAT.
THEN. TWO YEARS AGO. IT LAUNCHED
C.M.T. EQUAL PLAY.
IT WAS A BOLD PLEDGE TO SHOWCASE
FEMALE AND MALE ARTISTS EQUALLY
ACROSS C.M.T. CHANNELS.
THEY ALSO CREATED THE EQUAL PLAY
AWARD TO RECOGNIZE TRAILBLAZERS
LIKE JENNIFER NETTLES AND LINDA
MARTELL. THE FIRST BLACK WOMAN
TO PLAY THE GRAND OLE OPRY.
THAT COMMITMENT TO EQUALITY
CONTINUES.
THIS WEEK. C.M.T. PROUDLY
INTRODUCES THE EQUAL ACCESS
DEVELOPMENT FUND. IN PARTNERSHIP
WITH M-THEORY.
THE PURPOSE: TO TRAIN EDUCATE
AND DEVELOP BOTH ARTISTS AND
S THE PARTNERSHIP IS NOT JUST
ABOUT PEOPLE SINGING SONGS
ALTHOUGH THE SONGS HAVE BEEN
GREAT. GREAT. GREAT. THANK YOU.
PARKER I LOVED THAT SONG. AND
BRELAND T IS ABOUT KREUTS
OPPORTUNITIES BEHIND THE
CURTAIN.
THIS IS DESIGNED TO DEVELOP AND
EDUCATE NOT JUST ARTISTS BUT
MANAGERS FROM HISTORICALLY
UNDERREPRESENTED GROUPS.
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN.
PEOPLE OF COLOR.
SO THAT MOVE THE PEOPLE MAKING
DECISIONS AROUND COUNTRY MUSIC
LOOK LIKE WHAT WE ARE SEEING
TONIGHT ON THIS FANTASTIC STAGE.
I DO THINK THAT'S NICE.
THIS IS ALL PART OF C.M.T.'S
COMMITMENT TOWARDS CREATING A
LONG TERM SOLUTION. AND ENSURING
AN INCLUSIVE FUTURE FOR ALL
VOICES IN COUNTRY MUSIC.
NOW WE HAVE A PERFORMANCE THAT
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)
THAT'S WHAT WE ARE DOING HERE
TONIGHT.
I BET YOU NEVER THOUGHT YOU
WOULD SEE ME ON THE CMT STAGE.
ME NEITHER BUT I'M THRILLED TO
BE HERE.
RIGHT NOW WE HAVE A PERFORMANCE
THAT IS LIVING
IS LIVING PROOF THAT COUNTRY
MUSIC IS CHANGING. AND I COULD
NOT BE MORE EXCITED TO INTRODUCE
IT. BRINGING THEIR INCREDIBLE
AND MOVING SONG. “PRAY” TO LIFE
RIGHT HERE ON THE CMT STAGE.
THE FIRST TIME THEY'VE EVER
PERFORMED IT TOGETHER LIVE.
IT'S JIMMIE ALLEN. MONICA AND
LITTLE BIG TOWN!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
AIRPLANE BOTTLES ON MY TRAY
♪ THE HEAVENS GET TO SHAKIN'
IT'S A STRANGER'S HAND
♪ I'M TAKIN'
WE PRAY. MM. YEAH
♪ WHITE COATS AND LOTS OF COFFEE
WEARING WORRY ON MY FACE
♪ THE CHAPELS OUT OF
WAITING ROOMS
♪ FOR FAMILIES WAITING
ON THE NEWS
♪ WE PRAY
AYY-AYY. AYY. AYY
♪ I'VE BEEN LOSING MY RELIGION
I'VE BEEN IN AND OUT OF FAITH
♪ WHAT IT IS AND WHAT IT ISN'T
WELL. IT'S NOT FOR ME TO SAY
♪ WE STAND IN DIFFERENT CHURCHES
AND WE CALL IT DIFFERENT NAMES
♪ BUT IN THE END
WE PRAY. AYY. AYY
♪ WHERE DO WE GO
WHEN WE'RE DREAMING?
♪ WHO IS IT TO
WHEN YOU GIVE THANKS?
♪ WHEN WE'RE HIGH AND LOW IN
HOPE. TOGETHER OR ALONE
♪ WE PRAY. AYY
PRAY
♪ I'VE BEEN LOSING MY RELIGION
I'VE BEEN IN AND OUT OF FAITH
♪ WHAT IT IS AND WHAT IT ISN'T
WELL. IT'S NOT FOR ME TO SAY
♪ WE STAND IN DIFFERENT CHURCHES
AND WE CALL IT DIFFERENT NAMES
♪ BUT IN THE END
WE PRAY
♪ IN THE END. WE PRAY
OH. YEAH
♪ WE PRAY
WHEN WE STAND IN THE
♪ MIDNIGHT HOUR. WE PRAY
WE PRAY
♪ WHEN OUR ARMS ARE
STRETCHED OUT WIDE. WE PRAY
♪ WE PRAY. PRAY
PRAY
♪ IN THE END
WE PRAY. AYY. AYY
♪ SEEMS LIKE LOVE
WENT OUT OF FASHION
♪ IS IT EASIER TO HATE?
WHATEVER BOOK YOU READ
♪ IF YOU DO OR DON'T BELIEVE
WE PRAY. MM-HMM
OH. WE PRAY. YEAH
♪ WE PRAY
WHEN I CLOSE MY EYES
♪ I CALL OUT YOUR NAME
WE PRAY
♪ OH YEAH. WE PRAY. YEAH
♪ I WILL FOLLOW WHO ART IN
HEAVEN
WE PRAY
♪ 'CAUSE IN THE END
WE PRAY. WE PRAY ♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Announcer: COUNTRY SUPER FAN
TAYLOR LAUTNER IS HERE TO HAND
OUT THE C.M.T. MUSIC AWARD FOR
MALE VIDEO OF THE YEAR. AND WE
STILL HAVE MASSIVE PERFORMANCES
FROM KANE BROWN. MIRANDA
LAMBERT. AND KENNY CHESNEY.
AND THEY'RE KEEPING THE PARTY
GOING ON THE FRITOS ROOFTOP ALL
NIGHT.
IT'S THE 2022 C.M.T. MUSIC
AWARDS ON CBS.
"SEE HER. HEAR HER" AND VERIZON
CONGRATULATE ALL OF
TONIGHTS INCREDIBLE FEMALE
PERFORMERS AND NOMINEES.
♪ ♪ ♪
>> Kelsea: HI Y'ALL!
SO I'M GOING TO STOP REFERRING
TO THIS AS A MY HOME AND START
REFERRING TO IT AS MY VERY OWN
WINERY JAY SENT LOUNGE. IT'S
EXCLUSIVE. DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
MUSIC UNITES. HEALS. AND CHANGES
LIVES.
AND THAT'S WHY THE COUNTRY MUSIC
COMMUNITY IS PROUD TO SUPPORT
ST. JUDE CHILDREN'S RESEARCH
HOSPITAL'S FIGHT AGAINST CHILD
CANCER.
YOU CAN HELP TOO.
SEE THIS SHIRT I'M WEARING?
YOU CAN GET YOUR OWN LOVE MUSIC.
STOP CANCER TEE SHIRT BY
VISITING musicgives.org.
ALL PROCEEDS GO TO ST. JUDE TO
ENSURE NO FAMILY EVER RECEIVES A
BILL FOR TREATMENT. TRAVEL.
HOUSING OR FOOD.
THAT IS INCREDIBLE.
GET YOUR SHIRT NOW AT
musicgives.org.
NOW. I'M GOING TO HAND THINGS
OVER TO ONE OF MY FAVORITES. AN
ACTOR COMEDIAN WHO ALWAYS MAKES
ME LAUGH.
PLEASE WELCOME SMOKED MEAT
AFICIONADO JOEL McHALE!
SOMETHING I NEVER THOUGHT I
WOULD SAY. JOEL McHALE.
♪ ♪ ♪
>> THAT WAS NECESSARY. YEAH!
HELLO. ATLANTA.
SHOOT.
SORRY. KIDDING.
HELLO RAINY. RAINY NASHVILLE.
LET'S BE-- HELLO THERE.
LET'S BE VERY HAPPIES NONE OF
OUR OUTDOOR PERFORMERS GOT LECH
CUTED TONIGHT. HUH?
YEAH. YES. IT'S ME. COUNTRY
MUSIC LEGEND JOEL McHALE.
EXACTLY. NO I'M JUST ONE OF MANY
DUDES HERE TONIGHT WEARING SUPER
EXPENSIVE JEAN JACKETS.
ANYWAY. HERE WE GO. WHAT DOES
IT MEAN TO PERFORM?
THE TERM DERIVES FROM A FRENCH
WORD PARFOURNIR WHICH TRANSLATES
AS THE TRANSFORMATION OF
SELF-EXPRESSION INTO ART.
IN COUNTRY MUSIC TERMS. PERFORM
ALSO MEANS TO SING A SONG ABOUT
A TRUCK FILLED WITH COLD BEER.
SO SAME DIFFERENCE.
AS MI RIGHT. YEAH. SO NOW LET'S
TAKE A LOOK AT THE NOMINEES FOR
CMT MALE VIDEO OF THE YEAR.
I
CAN'T BELIEVE I WASN'T
NOMINATED.
ALL RIGHT.
THE WINNER GOES TO
CODY JOHNSON. "'TIL YOU CAN'T."
♪ KUS A DREAM WON'T TAKE YOU
BACK.
♪ YOU'RE GOING TO LOVE SOMEBODY.
♪ HOLD THEM AS LONG AND AS
STRONG AND AS CLOSE AS YOU CAN.
♪ TILL YOU CAN'T.
♪.
>> WELL. HOW ABOUT THAT.
JUSTIN MADE AN AWESOME VIDEO.
MATT AND VINCE WROTE A GREAT
SONG.
I'M VERY PROUD TO BE THE PERSON
THAT GOT TO GET THE SONG.
YOU GUYS STILL BELIEVE IN
COUNTRY MUSIC?
I'M VERY PROUD TO BE ABLE TO
STAND UP HERE WITH THIS AWARD.
THIS IS THE SECOND CMT AWARD WE
GOT TONIGHT AND THE BEST PART OF
IT IS THAT IT IS FAN VOTED.
SO THANKS TO EVERY SINGLE PERSON
THAT GOT OUT THERE AND VOTED.
LONG LIVE COUNTRY MUSIC.
ARE YOU WITH ME?
>> HEY. Y'ALL HAVING FUN?
Y'ALL HAVING FUN?
NASHVILLE STYLE. COME ON.
I AIN'T GOING LIE. I MISS YOU
ALREADY.
>> YOU WERE GONE A LONG TIME.
>> I WAS ALONE FOR A SECOND.
HEY. BUT I WILL SAY VOTING FOR
VIDEO OF THE YEAR IS NOT CLOSED
SO I HOPE YOU VOTED FOR ME.
>> AND WE'LL FIND OUT.
>> JASON.
>> WE'LL FIND OUT THE WINNER
VERY SOON.
>> I LOVE YOU TOO. KANE!
RIGHT NOW WE HAVE TO SEE THE RAM
TRUCK STAGE. GIVE IT UP FOR MY
BOY ELVY.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> ♪ HE AIN'T MY BLOOD
AIN'T GOT MY NAME
♪ BUT IF HE DID. I'D FEEL THE
SAME
♪ I WASN'T THERE FOR HIS FIRST
STEPS
♪ BUT I AIN'T MISSED A BALL GAME
YET
♪ AND THAT AIN'T EVER GONNA
CHANGE
♪ I COULD NEVER WALK AWAY
YEAH. HE'S MY SON
♪ AND THAT'S MY CHOICE
HE AIN'T MY BLOOD
♪ BUT HE'S MY
HE'S MY BOY
♪ HE'S MY BOY
YEAH
♪ HE'S MY HE'S
MY BOY
♪ ♪ ♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Announcer: KANE BROWN GETS
NASHVILLE MOVING WHEN HE PLAYS“
ONE MISSISSIPPI” IN FRONT OF
THE COUNTRY MUSIC HALL OF FAME.
THE GUYS FROM "QUEER EYE" ARE
HERE TO BRING OUT THEIR STYLE
ICON MIRANDA LAMBERT.
PLUS. FIND OUT WHO WINS THE
BIGGEST AWARD OF THE NIGHT:
CODY JOHNSON. JASON
ALDEAN AND CARRIE WUNDWOOD OR
KAIRN BROWN.
THIS IS THE 2022 CMT MUSIC
AWARDS ON CBS.
>> THE 2022 CMT MUSIC AWARDS
WILL CONTINUE.
THIS IS CBS.
♪ ♪ ♪
>> Announcer: PLEASE WELCOME
ACTOR. TAYLOR LAUTNER!
MI SO EXCITED TO BE HERE.
THANK YOU FOR HAVING ME.
THANK YOU.
ALL
>> THIS NEXT GUY IS MORE THAN
JUST A BREAKOUT SUPERSTAR WHO
CAN'T STOP DROPPING HITS.
HE'S ALSO ONE OF THE NICEST.
MOST DOWN TO EARTH GUYS YOU'LL
MEET. AND APPARENTLY. READY TO
HOST A MASSIVE AWARDS SHOW AT
THE DROP OF A HAT.
I'M SUCH A HUGE FAN OF HIS. I
EVEN JUMPED UP ON STAGE WITH HIM
DURING ONE OF HIS SHOWS IN L.A..
AND I'M PROUD TO CALL HIM A
FRIEND.
RIGHT NOW HE'S TAKING OVER THE
PARK OUTSIDE THE COUNTRY MUSIC
HALL OF FAME. LET'S HEAR IT FOR
KANE BROWN!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ YOU AND I
HAD THIS OFF-AND-ON SO LONG
♪ YOU'VE BEEN HERE. THEN
YOU'VE BEEN GONE
♪ SO MANY TIMES
AND EVERY NIGHT
♪ YEAH. I'M ALWAYS
BUMPIN' INTO YOU
♪ WE DO THE SAME THINGS WE
USED TO
♪ IT'S YOUR PLACE OR IT'S MINE.
SO
♪ OH. OH. OH. OH. OH
WELL. I SWEAR WE'RE THROUGH WITH
♪ THE LONELY DRUNK AND DÉJÀ VU
OH. OH. OH. OH. OH
♪ FIVE MINUTES OUT OF DOWNTOWN
AIN'T NOTHIN' BUT A COUNTDOWN
♪ ONE MISSISSIPPI
TWO MISSISSIPPI
♪ THREE SHOTS OF WHISKEY
ARE YOU ON YOUR WAY?
♪ WAY TIPSY
BABY. COME KISS ME
♪ I CAN'T WAIT
I CAN'T WAIT
♪ MISSISSIPPI
TWO MISSISSIPPI
♪ THREE IN THE MORNIN'
WE'LL BE ON OUR WAY
♪ SO TIPSY
CAN'T STOP KISSIN'
♪ I CAN'T WAIT
I CAN'T WAIT FOREVER
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ EVERY TIME I'M AT THIS BAR
TAP ON THE SHOULDER. TURN AROUND
♪ AND BABY. THERE YOU ARE
AND IT'S FIRE
♪ YOU'RE LIKE THIS BOURBON
HUNDRED PROOF
♪ YEAH. THEY DON'T BURN THE WAY
YOU DO
♪ YEAH. WE'RE BETTER IN THE DARK
SO
♪ OH. OH. OH. OH. OH
OH. OH. OH. OH. OH
♪ FIVE MINUTES OUT OF DOWNTOWN
AIN'T NOTHIN' BUT A COUNTDOWN
♪ ONE MISSISSIPPI
TWO MISSISSIPPI
♪ THREE SHOTS OF WHISKEY
ARE YOU ON YOUR WAY?
♪ WAY TIPSY
BABY. COME KISS ME
♪ I CAN'T WAIT
I CAN'T WAIT
♪ MISSISSIPPI
TWO MISSISSIPPI
♪ THREE IN THE MORNIN'
WE'LL BE ON OUR WAY
♪ SO TIPSY
CAN'T STOP KISSIN'
♪ I CAN'T WAIT
I CAN'T WAIT FOREVER
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ EVERY TIME I'M AT THIS BAR
TAP ON THE SHOULDER. TURN AROUND
♪ AND BABY. THERE YOU ARE
AND IT'S FIRE
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
TRUCKS STAGE WITH HER BRAND
NEW SONG "HIGH." CAITLYN SMITH!
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ AND IN MY HEAD
I DID MY VERY BEST
♪ SAYING GOODBYE
♪ OH
GOODBYE
♪ OH AND I DON'T MISS YOU
BUT I THINK OF YOU
♪ BUT DON'T KNOW WHY I
STILL FEEL HIGH
♪ I STILL FEEL HIGH
OH
♪ OH I STILL FEEL HIGH
OH OH
♪ I STILL FEEL HIGH
♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Announcer: THE CAST OF "QUEER
EYE" IS IN THE HOUSE TO
INTRODUCE MIRANDA LAMBERT; FAITH
HILL AND ISABEL MAY FROM THE HIT
SHOW "1883" HAND OUT THE BIGGEST
AWARD OF THE NIGHT; AND KENNY
CHESNEY IS TAKING US OUT WITH
"BEER IN MEXICO."
FOLLOW C.M.T. FOR MORE BEHIND
THE SCENES AT THE C.M.T. MUSIC
AWARDS!
ALL ON THE 2022 C.M.T. MUSIC
AWARDS ON CBS.
♪ ♪ ♪
>> Announcer: PLEASE WELCOME THE
STARS OF "QUEER EYE": BOBBY
BERKS. ANTONI POROWSKI. KARAMO
BROWN. AND TAN FRANCE!
>> HEY. Y'ALL!
WE DIDN'T JUST COME DOWN HERE TO
PUT THE L.G.B.T.Q. IN B.B.Q.
>> WE'RE HERE TO WATCH ONE OF
OUR ICONS TAKE THE STAGE.
>> SHE'S GOT MORE STYLE. SWAG.
AND ATTITUDE THAN EACH OF US PUT
TOGETHER.
>> GIVE IT UP FOR MIRANDA
LAMBERT!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ RIDING OFF IN THE SUNSET
BLUE EYES UNDER MY STETSON
♪ A LITTLE LADY ON THE
FRONT PORCH
♪ WISHING MY HEART WOULD
START SETTLING
♪ BIG IRON HIPS WITH THE
HOLSTERS
♪ I'D BE LOOKING MIGHTY FINE
ON A POSTER
♪ WANTED BY THE LAW
BUT THE LAWS DON'T APPLY TO ME
♪ IF I WAS A COWBOY. I'D BE
WILD AND FREE
♪ ROLLING AROUND THESE TOWNS
LIKE TUMBLEWEEDS
♪ I'D BE A LEGEND
AT LOVING AND LEAVING
♪ NIPPING ON A WHISKEY AND
NUMBING UP MY FEELINGS
♪ YOU THOUGHT THE WEST WAS WILD
BUT YOU AIN'T SADDLED UP WITH ME
♪ IF I WAS A COWBOY. I'D BE
THE QUEEN
OH. OOH-OOH. OH. OOH-OOH
♪ SITTING PRETTY ON THE PRAIRIE
BABY. I'M YOUR HUCKLEBERRY
♪ LET ME HOLD YOU
THIS SIX GUN SUGAR'S GOT
♪ A HAIRPIN TRIGGER
LIKE I TOLD YOU
♪ AND THIS DOVE NEVER REALLY
GETS LONESOME
♪ I NEVER BEGGED. NEVER BORROWED
BUT I STOLE SOME
♪ WANTED BY THE LAW
BUT THE LAWS DON'T APPLY TO ME
BABY
♪ IF I WAS A COWBOY. I'D BE
WILD AND FREE
♪ ROLLING AROUND THESE TOWNS
LIKE TUMBLEWEEDS
♪ I'D BE A LEGEND
AT LOVING AND LEAVING
♪ NIPPING ON A WHISKEY AND
NUMBING UP MY FEELINGS
♪ YOU THOUGHT THE WEST WAS WILD
BUT YOU AIN'T SADDLED UP WITH ME
♪ IF I WAS A COWBOY. I'D BE
THE QUEEN
OH. OOH-OOH. OH. OOH-OOH
♪ SO. MOMMAS
IF YOUR DAUGHTERS GROW UP
TO BE COWBOYS
♪ SO WHAT?
♪ IF I WAS A COWBOY. I'D BE
WILD AND FREE
♪ ROLLING AROUND THESE TOWNS
LIKE TUMBLEWEEDS
♪ I'D BE A LEGEND
AT LOVING AND LEAVING
♪ NIPPING ON A WHISKEY AND
NUMBING UP MY FEELINGS
♪ YOU THOUGHT THE WEST WAS WILD
BUT YOU AIN'T SADDLED UP WITH ME
♪ IF I WAS A COWBOY. I'D BE
THE QUEEN
♪ OH. OOH-OOH
I'D BE THE QUEEN
♪ OH. OOH-OOH. OH. OOH-OOH
OH. OOH-OOH. OH. OOH-OOH ♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
PARAMOUNT-PLUS SERIES "1883."
ISABEL MAY AND FAITH HILL!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
VILT-- NASHVILLE.
>> IT IS SO GOOD STO TO SEE
EVERYONE TONIGHT.
>> YOU KNOW OUR CHARACTERS IN
1883 THE DUTONS CAME FROM TEN
VEE SO I AM SO THRILLED TO
NORTHBOUND NASHVILLE TONIGHT FOR
THE FIRST TIME.
>> FIRST TIME.
>> YES.
>> THAT'S RIGHT. NASHVILLE.
BABY.
NASHVILLE IS THE CITY AND
COMMUNITY I'M PROUD TO CALL
HOME. MY HUSBAND AND I AND GIRLS
SO LET'S GIVE OUT AN AWARD AND
WHAT A GREAT AWARD THIS IS FOR
US TO PRESENT.
THE FAN VOTE ADD WARD.
SO FANS ARE THE MOST IMPORTANT.
BY FAR.
THANK YOU FANS EVERYWHERE.
THE FAN VOTED ALL NIGHT. ALL
NIGHT THEY HAVE BEEN VOTING AND
IT HAS COME DOWN TO THESE THREE
INCREDIBLE ARTISTS.
>> SO LET'S TAKE ONE MORE LOOK
AT THE NOMINEES FOR VIDEO OF THE
YEAR.
>> THE C.M.T. VIDEO OF THE
YEAR
GOES TO:
JASON ALDEAN AND CARRIE
UNDERWOOD. "IF I DIDN'T LOVE
YOU."
♪ IF I DIDN'T LOVE YOU.
♪ I WOULD BE BETTER THAN IT
WOULD BE EASY NOT TO MISS YOU.
♪ WONDER ABOUT WHO IS WITH YOU.
♪ IF I DIDN'T LOVE YOU.
♪
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
THANK YOU FANS.
I MEAN THIS LONGS TO BELONGS TO
YOU.
WE ALREADY THANKED EVERYBODY
THAT WORKS ON THE VIDEO AND
THANKED EACH OTHER. THIS ONE
SAUL ABOUT THE FANS. SO THANK
YOU FANS. THANK YOU CMT'S.
>> I JUST HAVE TO SAY 17 YEARS
IN THE GAME. THIS IS THE FIRST
TIME I HAVE EVER WON VIDEO OF
THE YEAR SO THIS IS PRETTY
AMAZING TO ME!
AND THIS THE FACT THAT I THINK
CARRIE AND I HIT THE SCENE ABOUT
THE SAME TIME AND THE FACT THAT
YOU STILL CARE ENOUGH ABOUT US.
THIS MANY YEARS IN OUR CAREER.
TO VOTE FOR US.
AND CARE ENOUGH ABOUT WHAT WE
ARE DOING TO STILL LOVE THE
MUSIC AND LISTEN TO IT. A VOTE
FOR US MEANS THE WORLD TO ME.
AND SO THANK YOU SO MUCH. CARRIE
AS WELL.
AND THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR LOVING
THE SONG LIKE YOU HAVE.
COUNTRY RADIO FOR PLAYING THE
SONG. THE FANS.
THANK YOU GUYS FOR VOTING.
IT'S BEEN A GREAT NIGHT.
GREAT SONG AND I'M PRETTY SURE I
PICKED THE PERFECT PARTNER FOR
THIS SONG.
SO THANK YOU SO MUCH.
THIS IS GREAT.
>> Anthony: WHAT A GREAT NIGHT.
YOU OKAY. OH. MAN. KANE. COME ON
MAN. COME ON.
YOU ALL RIGHT. BRO?
>> Y'ALL CHECK OUT CMT AWARDS
EXTENDED CUTS THIS FRIDAY ON
CMT.
YOU GOOD. MAN. YOU GOOD.
>> Y'ALL SUCH AN INCREDIBLE
NIGHT.
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR HANGING
OUT WITH ME AT HOME. I'M IN MY
JAMMIES.
BABY IS ASLEEP.
BUT RIGHT NOW FOR TAKING YOU OUT
WITH A PERFORMANCE FROM MY
HOMETOWN HERO AND EIGHT TIME
ENTERTAINER OF THE YEAR WHO IS
ABOUT TO EMBARK ON A 21 STADIUM
TOUR.
>> THE KING OF THE ROAD CLOSING
OUT OUR SHOW TONIGHT. GIVE IT UP
FOR KENNY CHESNEY!
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
THE WILD BLUE YONDER
♪ SO MANY THOUGHTS TO
SIT AND PONDER
♪ 'BOUT LIFE AND LOVE
AND THE LACK OF
♪ AND THIS EMPTINESS IN MY HEART
TOO OLD TO BE
♪ WILD AND FREE STILL
TOO YOUNG TO BE
♪ OVER THE HILL
SHOULD TRY TO GROW UP
BUT WHO KNOWS WHERE TO START
♪ SO I JUST SIT RIGHT HERE
AND HAVE ANOTHER BEER
♪ IN MEXICO
DO MY BEST
♪ TO WASTE ANOTHER DAY
SIT RIGHT HERE AND
♪ HAVE ANOTHER BEER
IN MEXICO
♪ LET THE WARM AIR MELT
THESE BLUES AWAY
♪ SUN COMES UP. AND
SUN SINKS DOWN
♪ AND I SEEN THEM BOTH
IN THIS TOURIST TOWN
♪ UP FOR DAYS IN A RAGE
JUST TRYING TO SEARCH MY SOUL
♪ FROM THE ANSWERS AND
THE REASONS WHY
♪ I'M AT THESE CROSSROADS
IN MY LIFE
♪ AND I REALLY DON'T KNOW
WHICH WAY TO GO
♪ SO I JUST SIT RIGHT HERE
AND HAVE ANOTHER BEER
♪ IN MEXICO
DO MY BEST
♪ TO WASTE ANOTHER DAY
SIT RIGHT HERE AND
♪ HAVE ANOTHER BEER
IN MEXICO
♪ LET THE WARM AIR MELT
THESE BLUES AWAY
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ MAYBE I'LL SETTLE DOWN
GET MARRIED. OR
♪ STAY SINGLE AND STAY FREE
WHICH ROAD I TRAVEL IS
STILL A MYSTERY TO ME
♪ SO I'LL JUST SIT RIGHT HERE
HAVE ANOTHER BEER
♪ IN MEXICO
DO MY BEST
♪ TO WASTE ANOTHER DAY
SIT RIGHT HERE AND
♪ HAVE ANOTHER BEER
IN MEXICO
♪ LET THE WARM AIR MELT
THESE BLUES AWAY
♪ DOWN IN MEXICO ♪
♪ ♪ ♪
SEE YOU GUYS THIS SUMMER. CAN'T
WAIT.
♪ ♪ ♪